in today's video I'm going to show you 
exactly how to go from0 to 10K a month 
as a copywriter in 90 days even if you 
don't even know what copyrighting is 
because in this program I'm going to 
give you the exact a toz full guide 
everything the whole blueprint of how to 
go from 0 to 10K in as little as 90 days 
and guys trust me when I tell you that 
this free course that you're about to 
watch is 10 times better than any other 
paid course possibly you could get on 
the internet and I know that because I 
the one who's actually bought every 
single course you can think of I spent 
thousands on researching the absolute 
best tactics strategies and techniques 
that you are about to get access to in 
this free course so if you really really 
want to get results make sure that you 
stay locked in and watch until the very 
end anyways guys without any further Ado 
let's hop right into it all right 
everybody Welcome to the ultimate free 
copyrighting Super Guy this is going to 
be wow let me just let me just shut up 
and actually get into it man because 
this is going to be absolutely insane 
and possibly the best part is that it's 
absolutely free $0 on the house and it 
is the best possible copyrighting course 
you could have ever come across so I 
first and foremost just wanted to 
congratulate you on watching the one 
course that is literally going to change 
your life and you are going to find out 
exactly why in like 5 minutes okay so 
check me out a comprehensive easy to 
follow step-by-step guide to going from0 
to 10K a month with copyrighting in the 
shortest amount of time possible my goal 
is to make you rich so that you can 
become next of my many success stories 
with all that being said there's still 
one huge question and that is does this 
copyrighting thing actually work well I 
want to share with you some of my 
success stories I've already told you 
that I have so for example we have my 
top student zenos he went from zero to 
$18.6 th000 a month in a matter of 9 
months 21 years old and not only reached 
this gargantuan income of 18.6k a month 
but he also reached 10K a month in just 
61 days after starting okay this D is an 
absolute Beast if you want to know what 
he did better than anybody else I'm 
going tell you right now he actually 
took the full program he watched it all 
and he implemented every single step 
that I'm about to show you right now 
okay so here's his proof here's his 
screenshots or whatever and next we have 
my boy aan bro 16-year-old aan is able 
to reach an impressive income of nearly 
$7,000 every single month man as a 
16-year-old this dude is making so much 
more money than his teachers it's nuts 
okay he'd be flexing on his teachers 
like that next of course we have my boy 
Leo pulled $0 to $9,000 at 14 years old 
guys if a 14-year-old is out here 
killing it tell me why you can't too 
that's him over there on the left he's 
also a powerlifter dude he's definitely 
a good ass lad for for real he's he's a 
cool kid from Sweden English is not even 
his first language he has a very thick 
accent but still he was able to make it 
happen man because he's really out here 
being an implementor $9,000 bro this 
dude make it way more than his parents 
making way more than both of his parents 
combin bro that now that is a flex I 14 
years old but has anyone actually made 
money with the free courses cuz I'm 
going be honest all these guys joined 
the program but has anyone actually made 
money off of the free course that I 
uploaded around four or five months ago 
well let's check it out for first of all 
we got my boy man on a mission 0 to 8.3k 
a month without any paid programs or 
mentorship and then we have my boy pre 
zero to 4K a month using only the free 
resources and courses that I have 
provided and guys again remember this 
free program that I put out before was 
my very first 2 and 1/ half hour course 
and it was out like what four or 5 
months ago hasn't even been out that 
long we're still getting crazy results 
from it another guy quick win $500 a 
month and then another guy hero $300 in 
two days okay two days of outreaching 
and boom $300 brought in for only four 
emails as a copywriter as his first deal 
absolutely nuts okay so let me ask you a 
very quick question just be honest with 
me here if this video that you're about 
to watch is going to earn you $ 00 in 
two days just like it did for my guy 
over here would you think it would be 
worth it I mean I don't know me 
personally bro bro sign me up 300 bucks 
in 2 days I'll be all over that bro I'll 
be all over that so man without any 
further Ado I want to introduce you to 
who I actually am so why should you 
listen to me who cares well I'm 24 years 
old and I've been able to completely 
change my life when I joined andw Tates 
hus University course last year and I 
was exposed to this thing called 
copyrighting I was probably in the same 
situation you are in right now I was on 
the other side of the screen not knowing 
what to do how to make money how to make 
any of it work but here we are I learned 
the hard way and I had literally no idea 
what I was doing but after 3 months I 
made my first small sale with 
copyrighting 9 months after starting and 
I was bringing in over six figures I was 
bringing in 10k a month as a copywriter 
9 months later and understand that you 
guys have a massive Advantage because I 
didn't have no Tyson 40 I didn't have 
someone there to gave me all of the best 
information for free I was stuck just 
searching for everything that I could 
find and copyrighting has allowed me to 
quit all three of my jobs as you can see 
boom security guard securely guarding 
some stuff I was doing my thing next I 
was up in the Army at the same time and 
also I was a Carpenter cutting up wood 
and building stuff for a living so man I 
was out here working all right all right 
I was the 9o5 king I had all the 9o fs 
not only has it allowed me to do that 
but I was able to afford things that I 
literally never thought that I could so 
me personally I'm a big car guy okay I 
love cars some people it's traveling 
other people is to designer clothes I 
don't do none of that I'm just big on 
cars bro I just like cars he's me with 
my Camaro love that car bro he's me with 
my Ram truck also love this vehicle man 
it's going to come in handy in the 
winter man in the Canadian winter is 
going to be fire and next of all of 
course I got the 
now I got three of my dream cars and I'm 
not even stopping there all due to 
copyrighting man all due to copyrighting 
before that bro I was driving a hoopie 
and it's also giving me freedom to do 
literally whatever I want I do a little 
bit of traveling but I'm not really that 
big on traveling it kind of just messes 
up my schedule but hey bro you could 
travel you could buy whatever you like 
live in some crazy Penthouse if you want 
to live in a highrise travel the world 
buy whatever cars you want to do I mean 
literally it allows you to do whatever 
you want and now I want to share with 
you how to do the exact same thing that 
I've been able to do and that all of the 
students of copyrighting have been able 
to do as well are you ready to make some 
money and change your life forever I 
hope that you are because that is 
exactly what we're going to be doing 
today my people I want to teach you how 
to get the most out of this course cuz 
if you just like passively watch it or 
you just have it on as background noise 
I hate to break it to you but you're not 
you're not going to get the results 
needless to say but how do you actually 
get the most out of it well first of all 
you got to save this video for later by 
leaving a like look this is going to be 
a long a long program my longest yet so 
by all means if you can't finish it all 
in one sitting it's not really a big 
deal maybe you're not as fresh as you 
want to be or you're kind of just like 
you're having a hard time locking in and 
actually focusing that's all right 
scroll down and leave a like right now 
so that you can find it later you don't 
have to be searching for it next of all 
I want you to ask all the questions you 
could possibly have in the comments guys 
there's no such thing as a stupid 
question I'm going to be in the comments 
all my students are going to be in the 
comments and we're going to be answering 
your questions so that you know exactly 
what to do how to do it and everything 
that you need next of all you're going 
to need to follow all the steps 
carefully guys as I said this is not 
just a watch and learn course okay this 
is a doing course because action is 
what's going to actually get you the 
result that you're trying to get action 
that's the biggest thing and next of all 
you can feel free to go back and watch 
Parts multiple times because we're going 
to be covering so much information and 
as you can tell already I'm not the dude 
here that's going to be you know be 
laboring the same points over and over 
and over and boring you to death and 
we're going to be actually engaged be 
having fun while we do it but we're 
going to be covering a lot we're going 
to be covering it quickly so if by any 
means you want to go back and watch a 
certain part of again hey bro I highly 
recommend you do that there will be 
chapters in this video that you can go 
back and watch again so you can actually 
easily find it and last but not least 
guys I want you to think of this program 
like a $1,000 cup of coffee so I'll put 
it to you like this you have a cup of 
coffee and you bought it for like two 
bucks you're probably going to leave 
like what a little bit left in the 
bottom of the coffee and be like ah 
whatever I'm full I'm done but let's say 
for example you were to buy a 
$1,000 cup of coffee this cup of coffee 
has like liquid gold infused into it 
okay this is the most value valuable cup 
of coffee ever I don't know about you 
but I ain't leaving nothing in that I'm 
literally licking that cup of coffee dry 
okay I'm consuming all of it and that's 
how I want you to think of this program 
yes this program is free but understand 
that I've literally put in like four to 
five months of work into it ever since 
my last free course and I've bought 
thousands and thousands of dollars worth 
of the top tier copyrighting courses so 
I can understand and get the best 
strategies techniques and everything 
else possible what you are watching is 
the most valuable copyrighting course on 
the planet on the internet so treat it 
as such treat it as if you paid 1,000 
bucks for it so that you actually 
consume every little bit of it and of 
course in case you were wondering no Ai 
and artificial intelligence will not 
make copyr is obsolete in fact I'm going 
to show you in this very course for free 
how you can make better copy Faster by 
utilizing AI to our advantage next of 
all yes you can start copyrighting even 
if you only have a phone although a 
phone is is all you need a PC or laptop 
will greatly help you in making 
everything as efficient as possible but 
no of course you can start with a phone 
next of all yes copyrighting Works in 
any country India Nigeria wherever okay 
it doesn't matter you can start 
copyrighting from literally anywhere we 
have copywriters who are winning in 
every single country imaginal especially 
Nigeria and India you know those are 
some of the top demographics that watch 
my channel so yes Nigeria and India you 
can make this work we have copywriters 
already winning from those countries all 
you need is access to Wi-Fi which you 
already have if you're watching this 
video for yes you can start next of all 
it does not matter what age you are as 
we've already covered there are 
14-year-olds in the Discord server 
making 9k with copyrighting and people 
in there that are as young as 12 years 
old and yes I was literally 
flabbergasted when I heard 12 years old 
making money with copyrighting it's nuts 
but I mean then again all you really 
need to do is type some words and you 
don't have to be super technical about 
it either you're going to understand as 
soon as I show you how to write it but 
writing copy is not necessarily hard or 
complicated in fact the simpler you're 
able to create copy the better it 
actually is and no English does not have 
to be your first language you don't even 
really have to be that fluent in English 
believe it or not there's some people 
watching this video who they can speak 
English all right but they have a thick 
accent or they can't really write it 
that well hey bro again even if your 
English is not great I'll show you how 
to use AI to easily fix an optimize your 
writing with AI you don't even have to 
be that great at English and guys let me 
tell you something else another 
advantage that you guys have over me is 
that I did not have ai when I made it 
with copyrighting I didn't have it and 
now with AI man the barrier to entry is 
even lower and I'm going to show you 
exactly how to utilize it because the 
thing is that although AI is out there's 
still not many people utilizing it so 
you'll have a completely unfair 
Advantage you're going to be able to 
dominate everybody else out here who's 
trying to do it when I show you exactly 
how to use Ai and next of all no you 
don't need all day to make this work 
guys I was literally juggling as I 
showed you pictures of proof of three 
jobs and all other commitments as well 
most of the other big winners from the 
Discord are also either in high school 
or in college or or have their own down 
to five job so no you don't need all day 
probably what 2 to three hours a day is 
how much I had to actually make this 
work you can do it too so here's the 
scope of exactly what we're going to be 
learning today first of all some mindset 
principles that I want to cover this is 
the shortest of all the all the programs 
because I don't want to lengthen this 
course longer than it needs to be but 
there are some actual real mindset tips 
that you guys need to know okay 
understand that if you're watching this 
right now your success is my 
responsibility so by going over and 
covering these mindset principles the 
only three mindset principles that you 
need understand that I'm giving you the 
best chances possible at success and 
that is why I do it next mindset 
principles the naive optimism principle 
if copyrighting works and the law of 
averages all three things that you need 
to know next of all the fundamentals of 
copywriting is what we're going to be 
covering the copy compensation 
explanation meaning why the hell do 
copywriters make so much money why do 
they get paid so much we're going to 
learn that here how copywriting actually 
works okay how it actually works how you 
get paid how the client relationships 
work everything like that next what you 
do and don't need to know guys 
understand that I'm not up here just 
talking just to talk just cuz I like 
hearing the sound of my own voice okay 
I'm giving you the most condensed 
information possible yes it's a long 
program okay but I've squeezed every 
little nugget of possible information 
that I can every little second of value 
okay next of all how to write copy that 
sells like crazy you're going to write 
your first piece of copy right here with 
me right now okay we're going to learn 
exactly how to do I'm going to walk you 
through step by step next of all the 
fundamental five copywriting 
superchargers five simple things that 
you can do to make your copy literally 
worlds better next sales page Mastery 
we're going to learn how to do sales 
pages and emails of course and next how 
to get AI to actually do the dirty work 
for you and then next up comes comes the 
nice part but this is going to be the 
really really good part getting your 
first client in as little as 30 days 
from now okay like I said some of the 
things that I've given to copy ERS in 
the past have' been able to get the 
first client as L as 2 days PID in 2 
days all right so it might take you 30 
days but I'm not going to lie like some 
of the people do it in much quicker than 
that so it might be 3 weeks 2 weeks 1 
week who knows I'm going to be giving 
you access to the op optimal Outreach 
cheat sheet and of course the ghost 
prooof followup formulas and the 30day 
speedrun checklist and next of all we're 
going to be covering the 10K a month in 
the next 90 days okay 10K in 90 days the 
10K month speedrun checklist next of all 
client scaling simplified okay I'm going 
to show you exactly how to scale your 
clients meaning if you have a client 
that's only paying you a couple hundred 
bucks off rip I'm going to show you 
exactly how you can scale them to where 
now they're going to be paying you $2 to 
$4,000 every single month next of all 
the client money multipliers okay I'm 
going to show you guys how to actually 
offer UPS sales to your clients so again 
you can scale them if they have two 2K a 
month right now get the 3K a month 4K a 
month and even in some cases more than 
that okay I have some copyrighting 
clients literally pay dudes up to $8,000 
every single month believe it or not 
next of all of course I'm going to show 
be showing you what to do and where to 
go after watching this video I'm going 
to give you access to dozens of hours of 
free courses on this very YouTube 
channel because I cover it all in depth 
everything that you need to know while 
all these other gurus are out here 
flexing their rented Lambos and showing 
you look I'm in Dubai I'm in the club 
with all of these baddies no we don't do 
that over here okay I'm literally going 
to be giving you everything for free 
next of all I'm going to show you 
exactly how you can get unstuck and I'm 
going to be giving you access to a 
secret surprise that only people who 
make it through the whole program are 
going to get access to so welcome to 
part one the mindset principles first 
and foremost I want you guys to learn 
how to develop naive optimism a positive 
mindset absolutely won't let you do 
anything but it will allow you to do 
anything better than a negative mindset 
will one foot on the gas and the other 
foot on the brakes is exactly what 
you're going to be doing if you have a 
go into this with a negative mindset or 
you start having a negative mindset when 
you start thinking oh this is too hard 
this is a lot of stuff to do or oh I 
don't have a client yet or whatever when 
you start introducing those thoughts 
into your head they're going to slow you 
down and eventually you're just not 
going to be able to perform as well as 
you would with a positive mindset naive 
optimism means that the odds might not 
be in your favor but you need to believe 
that you're going to win anyways when a 
football team goes to the playoffs it 
doesn't matter how much the odds are 
sacked against them they still go into 
it believing we got this and we are 
going to win and that is how upsets take 
place you are an underdog that's how 
underdogs win underdogs do not have this 
poopy pants mentality of oh well I mean 
I'll give it a shot but like if it 
doesn't work or if we start losing then 
I'm just going to give up no that's the 
opposite of what you want to have next 
it works but do you whether this works 
or not is not a question there's already 
overwhelming proof that it does but if 
you don't put in the work necessary then 
don't expect the results I'm just going 
to keep it 100,000 with you if you watch 
this video and then you expect bank or 
money to magically fall into your bank 
account sorry bro but this ain't the 
video for you okay this is the video for 
people who are actually willing to take 
action and do the steps cuz if you do 
the steps you will get the results next 
of all you need to understand the law of 
averages in order to take luck out of 
the equation we need enough sheer volume 
in order to succeed no matter what so 
let me explain it to you like this this 
is how I explain it to a lot of people 
if you flip a coin and it lands on heads 
three times in a row does that mean that 
you have a magical coin that will only 
ever land on heads and Never Land on 
Tails no why not because you didn't flip 
it enough times if you flip it a million 
times the likelihood of it being very 
very close to 50/50 is very high why is 
that that's because the more times you 
do something the more accurate results 
you will get so how does that actually 
apply to us as copywriters well it 
applies mostly to things like Outreach 
for example if you Outreach to three 
people and you don't get a client yet 
okay I know you might not understand 
exactly what the words I'm saying mean 
cuz we have haven't gotten to the 
Outreach section yet but you'll 
understand if you start outreaching or 
you don't get clients right yet 
understand that it's not because 
anything you're doing is broken it's 
broken it's not because what you're 
doing is wrong it's cuz you haven't put 
the Reps in put in all of the Reps and 
you will get there and next of all I 
have a beautiful drawing I have lots of 
beautiful drawings in this program 
because I really wanted to make it 
beginner friendly so look your thoughts 
are like directions that give you that 
you give to an Uber if you have if 
you're a glass half empty type of person 
you're basically telling the Uber driver 
yo take me to sad City take me to sad 
City where I'll be sad and miserable and 
I'm going to give up however if you go 
into it with a good mindset and you're 
like no you know what nothing can stop 
me and I'm going to make this work no 
matter what well the Uber driver is 
going to take you exactly there exactly 
where you want to go a negative mindset 
is going to leave you somewhere negative 
a positive mindset is going to lead you 
somewhere positive all that in your mind 
it's time to get into the fundamentals 
of freelance copyrighting okay my people 
look we need to understand exactly what 
is copywriting copywriting is written 
words that persuade people to take 
action ction copyrighting is used in ads 
and marketing promotions like emails 
sales pages and sales letters you go to 
websites everything written there is 
copyrighted you see Apple's ad for Apple 
the the phone company or Windows or any 
other Big Brand all their ads all their 
commercials written by copywriters 
everything that you see all the 
marketing that's all written by 
copywriters is everywhere around you so 
what does a copywriter actually do well 
a copywriter writes things like emails 
sales pages and ads Etc once you get 
good at writing copy and start making 
money opportunities for more work like 
sales funnels and email marketing can be 
added to your offer as an upsell and 
don't worry I'm going to show you 
exactly how to do that but what does 
this actually look like well you reach 
out to potential clients you get them on 
a sales call they agree to a deal like 8 
emails for 2,000 bucks and you send them 
an invoice with something like stripe or 
PayPal half upfront and then half when 
the project is complete that is to of 
course mitigate risk on their end and 
your end you don't want to create all 
the work and then give it to people and 
then then be like haha I'm not going to 
pay you and then you don't want to be 
like hey bro you're going to have to pay 
me all up front cuz then they're going 
to be like well what if you run off so 
if you do half half upfront then you'd 
be stupid to run off the with the money 
because you just got to do the work and 
you got the other half and it poses a 
less risk to them cuz they're only 
risking half of their money instead of 
all of it right so it's it's by far the 
best way to do it that's what it 
actually looks like so how should you 
start today I strongly recommend that 
you finish this video today if possible 
take notes and go through this course as 
if you paid $11,000 for it like we said 
cuz realistically that's how much is 
worth it was worth a lot more than that 
I'd say the most expensive copywriting 
program that I've purchased myself was 
around 4 5,000 and again I've literally 
learned all the principles strategies 
and techniques in all those programs and 
I've brought it to this program here 
today that you are watching for free so 
you need to treat it as valuable as it's 
worth realistically there's literally 
months of preparation dozens and dozens 
of hours as far as creating these slides 
and creating the principles and creating 
everything recording it okay I've worked 
that went into it and thousands and 
thousands of dollars of research so this 
is the Holy Grail of copyrighting 
information do yourself a favor and 
treat it as such but we need to 
understand what copywriting is not okay 
copywriting is not content writing 
copywriting is written words that 
persuade people to take action 
copywriting is used in ads and marketing 
promotions like email sales pages and 
sales letters not content writing which 
is like write me a Blog for 
entertainment that's not what 
copywriting is okay it's different next 
copywriting is not over exaggerating or 
being dishonest guys I've seen these 
comments on my past videos where it's 
like oh well cop Cy writing is basically 
lying or being dishonest no there's none 
of that copyrighting you are literally 
telling the truth you're just being 
persuasive copyrighting is a lot like 
sales and sales is a lot like fire for 
example fire is neither good nor bad 
okay we need fire to survive but fire 
can also do bad things it's a lot like 
sales sure when it comes to sales you 
have a bunch of sleazy sales guys out 
there that are going to be weird and 
just trying to get your money but then 
you also have good sales guys that are 
out there who are actually trying to 
hook you up get you out of your own way 
get you into something that you 
genuinely want it's the same with 
marketing and next of all it is not 
limited to to those with a degree or 
certification you literally do not need 
any degree you do not need any 
certification it is not super corporate 
Freelancers are the ones out here making 
the most amount of money A lot of times 
the people who go to college for 
marketing and they get a copywriting job 
are literally getting like $50,000 a 
year in one business and that is lame 
okay as Freelancers we can make the most 
amount of money and of course I'll prove 
to you exactly how as we keep going and 
of course I want to of course debunk 
this whole saturation whatever I I 
searched it up how many freelance 
copywriters really are there it says 
there are over 4,882 freelance 
copywriters currently employed in the 
United States how many businesses in the 
United States are actually online okay 
online businesses in the United States 
2.5 million 2.5 million of them are in 
the United States 9.1 million online 
retailers in the world right nobody said 
you had to work with people from the 
United States but I just wanted to make 
the actual contrast without fudging any 
of the numbers so for visual rep 
representation because I I do believe 
that that's important this right here is 
the amount of freelance copyright ERS in 
the US and this right here represents 
the amount of online businesses in the 
US and again just so you guys know every 
single online business needs a copyright 
because they're going to need ads 
they're going to need marketing and all 
that ads and marketing all the writing 
in it or even the video scripts are 
created by copywriters and next of 
course I want to cover the size of the 
piie fallacy and again this diagram is 
actually from a a book that I have from 
Alex horoi okay so some of the drawings 
are from me some of them are from Alex 
horos but this perfect paints out the 
example that I wanted to give to you 
guys understanding Market size how 
people think it is a lot of people think 
that oh it's just me and then me plus 
one competitor basically means that you 
know we actually have to share the 
success and if other people are 
succeeding then that means that it 
limits my ability to succeed this is not 
true guys I'm serious when I say all you 
need is like three or four copywriting 
clients ever to make over six figures 
with copywriting somebody else's success 
everybody else winning does not mean it 
degrades your potential of winning or 
your potential of success every single 
person watching this video can get three 
to five clients and there still be more 
than enough businesses for even more 
people to come through and get clients 
that is a fact so there is no 
oversaturation at all it's just this is 
not even true and I've proven it to you 
there what does a copyr actually do here 
are some copyrighting offers emails 
sales pages and ads I'm going to show 
you how to actually write all of these 
but I want to show you an example of 
what this actually looks like so you 
have a better fundamental understanding 
okay you can actually conceptualize what 
I'm saying so here's a sales fnal 
example here's Justin Waller a lot of 
people watching this will know who 
Justin Waller is he's a buddy of Andrew 
tapate so here's a post that he made on 
YouTube a YouTube Community post I'm not 
going to actually you know what I might 
as well do I might as well actually read 
this so that you know what copy looks 
like so the beginning sentence says lie 
often understand that this is what pulls 
you in you're like hold up this guy's 
saying lie often now this is going to of 
course draw in your attention because 
it's it's disrupting you're like hold up 
why is he telling me to lie often that 
doesn't seem right let me understand his 
reasoning behind this before I pass 
judgment on it the mind is a tricky 
Place confusing and dark multiple times 
a week I find myself in throws of an 
internal battle I'm undefeated execution 
is as simple as lying lying to your B- 
word voice we're just going to do a 
couple of sets and leave we will start 
the email and leave it as a draft lies 
learn to lie to that voice inside you if 
you don't then you will become that 
voice inside you you've got this man Jay 
Waller join the daily new newsletter and 
see here he has a link to his daily 
newsletter so what does this piece of 
copy actually do well essentially it's 
kind of just something that hooks you 
into reading it it's a little kind of 
motivational pep talk type of email not 
it's not even email pep talk type of 
piece of copy and then of course he 
leaves a link to his newsletter now you 
need to understand his newsletter is 
basically a list of email addresses that 
he has this is what we call an email 
list he sends out emails to his email 
list that you will then read like this 
one all right now this one is from andw 
tap but but Justin Waller sends out 
emails like this as well and this 
understand that this is basically 
another um type of little pep talk we'll 
go through it again just so you know how 
copywriting is made so it says despite 
growing up poor I find myself harboring 
disdain for the financially 
underachieved you are not trying I would 
know I started below you now I'm in the 
top 0.1% of this 
planet so you might like Andrew Tate you 
might not but regardless okay being 
neutral of whatever his message is here 
we understand that this is essentially a 
pep talk where he's trying to motivate 
you okay there is no such thing as 
trying to is trying and failing for 10 
years that is not real that does not 
happen the hardworking sober critically 
thinking charismatic broke person 
doesn't exist not for long they all get 
rich eventually somehow after spending 
years of spending 24 hours with the 
singular goal of becoming financially 
wealthy after years of hard work 
singular Focus and critical thinking 
they all find the solution eventually 
you are broke you have no one to blame 
but yourself are you going to humble 
yourself and change who you are or 
remain like most people being lazy and 
dumb it's your choice so as you can see 
here he's actually doing something 
that's called the crossroads cloth so 
he's essentially presenting two choices 
to you you can stay lazy and broke or 
you can actually take control of your 
life and become wealthy um me personally 
I'm a big and tape fan because you know 
a lot of young guys need to be spoken to 
like this to actually go ahead and take 
action and everything he's saying here 
is facts it's your choice you are poor 
because of who you are fact it's not 
because of whatever excuses you tell 
yourself at night you are poor because 
of who you are as a man luckily for you 
you can change that become the 
hardworking sober critically thinking 
charismatic broke person I guarantee you 
you won't stay broke for long if you 
need help join the real world right and 
if you don't know the real world is his 
online program I took you know the real 
world before it was even called the real 
world is called hustle University but 
that's neither here nor there you don't 
need to take that of course because what 
you're watching right now is trust me a 
million times better than the real 
world/ husle University anybody will 
tell you and then here is the actual uh 
sales page here's some copy that's on 
the sales page of the real world so as 
you can see right we start with 
copywriting it brings you to the email 
list email list starts with more 
copywriting it brings you to the sales 
page sales page has more copyrighting 
right to get you to actually buy 
whatever it is they're selling now I 
want to also explain another concept to 
you guys and that concept is Tyson why 
does he do this thing or he gives you a 
YouTube post and then sends you to the 
email list and then from the email list 
over to the sales page and then sales 
page over to the checkout page why 
doesn't he just go here and say join the 
real world and go to the checkout page 
well the reason as to why is because 
most people are not going to just buy 
something when they see the link 
skepticism is far too high so what it 
takes is for somebody to is for you to 
always see somebody cuz the more you see 
somebody the more you read their posts 
all right it's called getting warmed up 
all right warmed up basically means you 
get to know somebody and when you get 
this know of somebody you're more likely 
to actually buy from them okay so you're 
reading their messages and then it goes 
you to the newsletter you read you read 
the newsletters and you're like wow this 
guy might have a point you click on the 
the link and then you look at the actual 
copy and you're like wow maybe I'll 
actually buy so let's go ahead and 
actually read a little bit of this copy 
as well final thoughts moneymaking is a 
skill like every other skill it can be 
learned and the speed at which it is 
learned depends on your coaches and the 
learning environment you taught in our 
coaches know the business models they 
teach they know what it takes to be 
profitable they are the first to 
identify and utilize new disruptive 
Technologies and strategies whenever 
they appear the real world is the 
ultimate all-on-one learning program 
guiding you from making your first 
dollar online scaling into multi-million 
dollar business uh there's no better 
place on the planet learn how to make 
money online today boom so then that is 
again you motivating speech to actually 
get inside of the program that they're 
selling and of course another question 
one of the first questions a lot of 
people ask is but why do people buy 
copywriting for so much money I mean 
it's just words on a page how are you 
going to spend $200 for like 200 200 
words that's how much an email usually 
is 200 words and that's how much an 
email usually sells for $2 200 to $250 
an email sometimes even more well it's 
because copywriters are paid based on 
the amount of value they provide rather 
than the time that they work this is the 
difference between work-based pricing 
and value based pricing right everybody 
is usually used to work-based pricing 
right so for example when I was a 
security guard I'll get paid per hour 
right whereas when I'm copy wter I get 
paid based on how much money I actually 
make them if your copy makes a business 
tens of thousands of dollars which it 
easily can then it's not ridiculous at 
all to be compensated for a few 
thousands doar a month which is almost 
nothing to become companies you also 
have to understand that these businesses 
they have tons of employees and most of 
their employees are making at least 
$40,000 a year and that's almost four 
grand a month just from one client right 
so them paying you two grand a month 
they're paying you half as much as the 
lowest paid person like they're paying 
their graphic designer probably $40,000 
a year so as you as a freelance 
copywriter you have a unique opportunity 
to work with multiple clients and that 
is the big hack here the big hack the 
big difference is that you can provide a 
ton of value in a short amount of time 
meaning you have a bunch more free time 
meaning you can work for three or four 
clients for three to four to five hours 
a day and still make over six figures as 
a copywriter is a literal glitch in The 
Matrix okay if you want if you want to 
talk about some Andrew Tate it is some 
literal glitch in The Matrix type of 
stuff and here's a visual representation 
okay so let's say that they pay you 
$1,500 for a sales page right which is 
rather low for a sales page well think 
of it they get thousands of people 
coming to that sales page every single 
day all right and let's say they have a 
a product on it that's a couple hundred 
bucks they get to make money from that 
sales page every single day it brings 
them in new Revenue they're making money 
money money money money money money they 
might make 
$100,000 a month off of that sales page 
that they only paid you 1,500 bucks for 
bro that is a steal that is a literal 
steal okay you might work what let's say 
a couple days on the sales page let's 
say a week at most right a week to write 
a sales page which realistically is a 
long time okay you write a sales page a 
week, 1500 1500 that's $6,000 a month 
write four sales Pages boom and it does 
not take that long to write a sales page 
my man that that that's why copywriters 
out here are making so much money is 
because it doesn't take that long to do 
but you can still make uh businesses a 
lot of money okay everybody wins but of 
course when should I expect results from 
copyrighting when should I expect to get 
paid well look my goal for you in this 
video is to get paid within within the 
next 30 days and I want to show you how 
how to make a life changing amount of 
money in the next 90 days with that 
being said if for some reason you were 
to miss each of these milestones at the 
end of today's lesson I'm going to share 
with you exactly how I can help you get 
unstuck and also understand I mean put 
things into perspective right it took me 
9 months to read six figures whether it 
took me 90 days or 9 months or 4 years 
it doesn't really matter because at the 
end of the day the result is way more 
than worth it and it's just like Andrew 
Tate said you know I mean we just read 
his email and I didn't actually 
intentionally put it there but he ain't 
wrong there is no such thing as somebody 
who does all the steps and is broke for 
10 years it just doesn't happen so even 
if you miss these Milestones man what if 
it's 180 days instead of 90 days in one 
year are you really going to Care the 
answer is no okay so yeah you should 
expect results in as little as these 
time amounts cuz that's how much people 
have done it in but even if it doesn't 
happen in that time amount hey bro we 
still we still grind we still make it 
and we're still going to make money 
either way now I want to show you how 
exactly to write copy that sells like 
crazy cuz believe it or not a large 
portion of copywriting that we see on a 
daily basis from businesses that are 
from $1 million to $10 million a year 
are terrible and in ineffective man a 
lot of the copy that you're going to 
come across is awful bro objectively 
awful but the thing is that they just 
are complacent those businesses they 
already have copyri they don't want to 
go through the trouble of replacing them 
or teaching their copy how to write 
better copy I mean they're already 
making money so they're like ah whatever 
the copy is copy if you can come in 
these businesses and show them how to 
actually write good copy like I'm about 
to show you here that I've learned from 
the best marketers and copywriters I've 
learned on my copyrighting journey 
myself oh man I'm literally serious you 
can make hundreds of thousands of a 
difference in a business over the span 
of a year with just your copyrighting 
okay and that means a lot of money for 
you I'm going to show you how to write 
your very first email with me you and I 
are going to go in here and we're going 
to write our first email here here's 
what you'll need you'll need a niche 
that you somewhat know about okay we're 
going to go very very deep on niches as 
we go ahead but I want you to start with 
a niche that you know about okay first 
and foremost next you're going to need a 
specific product or service in that 
Niche okay so you're going to need to 
pick a real product or service you're 
not going to want to write for some 
imaginary Airy fairy product that's not 
actually real you want to pick a real 
one and next of course you're going to 
need a notepad and Pen to remember the 
key points and you can watch me walk 
walk through the email creating process 
for now but it's crucial that you come 
back and do this yourself and follow 
along afterwards okay so guys here we 
are in the actual document all right and 
this is called the listicle email 
template so here's a quick explanation 
the lisal email works by giving 
actionable value that the reader can use 
while manufacturing desire in whatever 
is inside the call to action a call to 
action is literally just saying go here 
follow this click this link buy this any 
of that is called a call to to action 
the email should be used to gain trust 
and build a relationship with the reader 
I want to add a little bit more 
explanation so a lot of people say when 
it comes to email copyrighting for 
example oh well bro whenever I see those 
emails or whatever in my inbox I don't 
actually buy them they're all scam me 
and spam me and whatever exactly that's 
why email copyrighting works so well 
because you have all these people who 
are spammy and scammy no nobody's going 
to buy from them the reason why people 
are going to buy from good copywriters 
is because we're actually giving value 
for example like look at the angw Tate 
example that I just showed you for for 
uh Ju Just to demonstrate he was giving 
his people a pep talk the people want a 
pep talk people download or subscribe to 
Andrew Tate's email list because they 
want to hear and you Tate speak like 
that because he's giving them value if 
you're really really into piano and you 
want to learn more about it and people 
are giving you piano lessons in your 
email inbox you're always going to open 
them you're going to be interested and 
the way that we do this is we just add a 
link at the end of the email in case 
people want to go and check out whatever 
we have to sell okay it's not hard 
selling it's not scammy or spammy we're 
not telling people to buy byy byy we're 
not force feeding them links it's 
nothing like that we're actually giving 
them value and in this example you're 
going to see exactly how so this is what 
this email template is really about this 
is how you create your very first piece 
of copy Now understand that you're not 
going to be using templates forever the 
reason why I want to give you a template 
right now is because I want to literally 
guide you through it in the easiest way 
possible I could sit here and talk to 
you about fundamentals and a list of 
things that you need to do and blah blah 
blah blah blah and psychological 
triggers but I'd rather just come in and 
create an email with you so that you 
know exactly what it what it's like and 
then afterwards we can go through all of 
the you know all the points and how to 
actually do it so again we're not 
wasting any time here I want to get 
right into things so what value is being 
given how to gain a lot of muscle so 
this is for the fitness Niche it could 
be how to lose weight how to make a lot 
of money how to get disciplined it could 
be anything so that's what the value 
given is and of course these are my 
examples you can create whatever value 
given it is now the ingredients are 
things you're going to need to know 
you're going to need to fill this out 
you're going to get access I'm going to 
show you how to get access to this very 
template that you can download and 
actually fill it out yourself why this 
value is important get descriptive on 
what the goal of the email will teach 
them because most beginner gym goers 
waste time trying to figure things out 
if you do everything in this email not 
only will you barely will will people 
barely recognize you and people will 
genuinely wonder if you're on gear that 
that's the result of this email okay so 
describe the result and where it will 
actually lead people to get to the three 
value tips with explanations so listicle 
email essentially is just a list of 
things that somebody can do in order to 
achieve a goal again the piano example 
three easy ways you can increase the 
skills with your left hand your left 
hand playing piano if you're making 
money three easy ways that you can make 
more money three easy ways that you can 
invest more money here is my example 
number one train like your life depends 
on it ever wonder why dudes in prison 
look like the Hulk yet they're under the 
worst conditions for building muscle yet 
the answer is because they have to get 
ripped to survive this essentially is 
the the point and then here's my 
reasoning behind the points so every 
Point has to actually have reason so 
here's another thing is that people 
don't want you to just speak at them 
they don't want you to just tell them 
things cuz the thing is that advice bro 
everybody in in this world wants to give 
their advice wants to give their opinion 
but you can't expect people to want to 
trust you or to want to follow what you 
say unless you back it up with some real 
reasons that's why training like your 
life depends on it and training with 
intensity is how you can build muscles 
so that's tip number one tip number two 
is to get consistent if you want white 
teeth do you brush them 5 hours for one 
day a week or for 2 minutes for two to 
three times a day you can't make up for 
consistency with short bursts of action 
so that's my reasoning behind why you 
need to get consistent cuz consistency 
is what leads you to actually getting 
result just like brushing your teeth or 
anything else in life small actions 
daily over a long period of time is 
better than what a lot of people try to 
do which is they try to take out 
consistency by saying all right well I'm 
just going to brush my teeth for 5 hours 
a day and then they'll be pearly white 
it's like sorry that that's not exactly 
how it works and the same is with the 
gym okay that's my reasoning number two 
and next of all is that form is King you 
need to focus on form instead of ego 
lifting so nothing will kill your gains 
faster than an injury because it's 
injury is a quick way to ensure that you 
can't get consistent see Point number 
two okay that's my reasoning behind that 
and now of course my next ingredient but 
all of this email is useless without 
this this is how we manufacture desire 
so a lot of people are get confused 
because they're like okay well if I 
offer the value in the email how am I 
supposed to transition to telling them 
to go through the link how am I supposed 
to get them to want to click on the link 
how am I supposed to transition smoothly 
when this is exactly how but all of this 
is useless without all of this is 
useless without a nutrition plan 
tailored to you it doesn't matter if you 
train your face off every single day if 
your nutrition isn't dialed in you're 
going to be missing out on Gams and it's 
not enough just to leave it up to chance 
you can't just eat a random minimum 
amount of chicken and rice every day and 
expect to make progress LOL but I get it 
coming up with a M plan tailored to your 
goals weight and training regiment can 
feel like rocket science so that's what 
I want to give you here's access to a 
free nutrition plan call where we'll 
teach you chat with you and create a 
nutrition plan for you for free why 
because we figure when we help you pack 
a muscle and shortcut your way to your 
dream body that you'll be interested in 
working with us in the future and if not 
that's cool too so what is is this 
really this essentially is a sales call 
in Disguise you might see this call to 
action a lot so there are these people 
who are online personal trainers who are 
going to charge you a couple of Grand in 
order to personal train you online as 
the name suggests essentially this is a 
sales call where they're going to get on 
with you tell you exactly how to do your 
meal meal plan or whatever and then at 
the end of the call since you already 
gave them value you're going to be like 
by the way would you want to maybe you 
know start this online trading program 
so that we can get you ripped or get you 
towards your goals and the person might 
be like you know what sure why not and 
then that's how you make sales that's 
called that's basically a sales funnel 
okay we're going to learn a little bit 
more about sales funnels and all these 
other sales tactics as we move on but 
that's what it should look like 
essentially and then next subject line 
how to pack on 9 lbs of muscle in 4 
months so what kind of subject line is 
this this is essentially a strong unique 
specific benefit when it comes to 
packing on 9 lbs of muscle notice I 
don't say how to pack on muscle that's 
too that's too vague 9 lbs of muscle is 
something that's tangible and 4 months 
all right also something that specific 
you don't want to say how to make Muscle 
quickly way too boring way too generic 
how to pack on 9 lbs of muscle in 4 
months is way more specific and 
believable and people are going to want 
to know how to do it so hey first name 
picture below is the difference that 
just 10 lb can make or 9 lb whatever 
there's before and after and this dude 
looks skinny like he's never worked out 
a day in his life and over here he's 
looking straight jacked he looking 
absolutely proper and if you want to go 
from whatever body type you are right 
now to a rock solid Hollister model 
physique in the next 4 months then there 
are three pieces of advice that will 
help you number one train like your life 
depends on it have you ever wondered why 
some dudes in prison literally look like 
they're a couple weeks out from a 
bodybuilding show even though their 
nutrition consists of stale bread and a 
couple of eggs they have terrible 
workout equipment and zero guidance as 
far as personal training they still pack 
on lean muscle mass seemingly overnight 
the answer is because they train 10 
times harder than any gym rat why 
because their life literally depends on 
it and this eat or be eat mentality is 
what pushes them far beyond where others 
would stop this is something you can use 
to your advantage too we all know that 
one dude who's gone to the gym for Years 
yet doesn't even look like he lives the 
reason is because he just goes through 
the motions trust me when I tell you 
intensity makes all the difference so 
get in the gym and don't start counting 
the Reps until it hurts no pain no gain 
and number two get consistent let me ask 
you a question if you you want white 
teeth should you either a brush your 
teeth for 5 hours one day a week or 
brush your teeth two to three times 
every day for Just 2 minutes the answer 
is obvious some people make the mistake 
trying to pack on muscle but they aren't 
consistent in the gym often times they 
resort to short bursts of long workouts 
and an effort to make up for their 
inconsistency but this never works do 
yourself a huge favor lift at least four 
to 5 times a week otherwise you're 
cutting your gains in half next of all 
form is King and speaking of consistency 
want to know the number one way to 
ensure you can't keep up with your 
workouts getting injured try working out 
anything upper body when you have a torn 
elbow ligament trust me not fun not to 
mention if you go to the gym just to 
swing around some weights that are too 
heavy just to stroke your own ego your 
muscles aren't going to be benefiting at 
all anyways the best thing you can do is 
leave your ego at the door lighten up 
the weight and perform slow and 
controlled reps doing these three simp 
simple things will ensure you blow up in 
the next 4 months but there's still one 
problem none of these three steps matter 
if you don't have your nutrition dialed 
in and I don't mean just eating chicken 
and rice every day and hoping you're 
getting enough macronutrients nutrition 
cannot be left at the chance but I get 
it nutrition can turn into rocket s 
science real quick that's why I wanted 
to give you a free nutrition plan taor 
to you one of my personal coaches will 
help on a one toone call with you and 
figure out all the complicated 
calculations for you just click the link 
to schedule a call but I have to warn 
you we're running out of spots quickly 
so if there's any slots available I 
wouldn't wait talk to you soon sign off 
right sign off could be like talk to you 
soon and then just leave your name at 
the bottom so now I want to break this 
down and tell you exactly why it works 
so first of all in the beginning of this 
email I give them something actually 
disrupting this is something that 
they're like wow essentially it gives 
them a reason as to read the rest okay 
it Paints the picture as to why reading 
the rest of the email is so important 
okay and that's what you guys need to do 
as well so it's proof in telling you why 
I'm about to show you is so important 
next when I say something like Rock 
Solid Hollister model physique people 
know what a Hollister model looks like 
and that's kind of what this guy looks 
like it's like you're going to be 
looking like a fitness model bro and 
notice said it's very specific again you 
want to get very specific with things 
you don't want to leave it up to chance 
and being like I'm going to show you how 
to get ripped cuz ripped is subjective 
what does ripped mean does ripped mean 
like I'm I'm going to look like goddamn 
Gary Coleman lightweight baby or am I 
going to look like a holler model or 
what am I going to look like am I going 
to look like I just lost weight am my 
fat right now I'm going to lose weight 
you need to be specific with people cuz 
the more specific you are the better and 
then next have you ever wondered why 
some dudes like this so this is 
essentially me asking a relatable 
question that seems paradoxical this 
makes you think and makes you wonder 
basically saying I have the answer and 
I'm going to tell it to you have you 
ever wondered this you going be like 
yeah so let me read through and and see 
what the the answer actually is and then 
here's another relatability uh point 
that actually has where I'm talking 
about the fear state so we're going to 
get into you know wants dreams desires 
and fears again as we go on but 
basically we all know that one dude 
who's gone to the gym for Years yet 
doesn't even look like he lives okay so 
that's something else relatable 
something we all know so I'm relating to 
the reader and I'm also saying look you 
don't want to be that guy and that's 
their fear okay that's their fear is is 
of being that guy so I'm essentially 
saying if you don't want to be that guy 
you know follow this information next is 
get consistent and then so and then of 
course I'm adding more reasoning and 
justification which is what I add to all 
these points and then here I want to go 
through the call to action with you 
right the transition and what it 
actually looks like right here I'm doing 
what's called manufacturing desire when 
I say there's still one problem 
essentially I'm saying look all that's 
cool everything that I taught you was 
right and you can use it but if you want 
to know how to reach the next step and 
the most important part well that this 
is what it is this is the most important 
part and that's nutrition now I've 
manufactured desire now now they're like 
okay now I really want to get into this 
nutrition thing but the thing is I also 
offered them a solution to it this is 
basically showing them what but not how 
okay so I'm showing that they need to do 
nutrition but I'm not telling them how 
to do it I'm showing them if you want to 
do it you can go to this free oneon-one 
call now understand another thing is 
that it doesn't always have to be a free 
one one-on-one call it can also be many 
other things I could be selling him a 
straight nutrition plan this could be a 
call to action to like here's my 
nutrition course or here's my nutrition 
planning guide or here's my free 
nutrition planning video it could be a 
number of things it could be anything 
and what it is is essentially you know 
it could be it depends on what your goal 
is so if your goal is to get them to go 
to a sales page then obviously is to 
make money but if your goal is to give 
them some free value like go here and 
watch my free video it's to earn that 
no- likeing trust Factor right it's to 
make people more familiar with you so 
that you can sell them better down the 
line like I kind of talked about briefly 
before so now you have everything that 
you need to actually go ahead and make 
your own email your own version of this 
okay and of course you don't have to add 
the picture but you have everything you 
need okay just fill out all the 
ingredients and of course just fill in 
the blanks okay it's all just plug and 
play and of course this is not the only 
email template that you're going to get 
access to this email template is inside 
of the copy starter kit the copy starter 
kit is a free guide a free collection of 
courses resources and tools that I've 
put together for you copy orders that 
you can download down in the description 
right now or after this video so boom 
now you guys are are officially 
copywriters because you know what it's 
like to write a piece of copy again you 
can come back after this video and 
actually go through and write your first 
piece of copy while watching that part 
but now okay I want to go through a lot 
of the copyrighting fundamentals and the 
principles behind what we just saw so 
now I want to talk to you guys about 
hacking human psychology because that 
first and foremost is what copyrighting 
and marketing and sales actually is it's 
human psychology figuring out how to 
make people want something the five 
fundamental triggers in a human mind 
that inspire people to take action right 
there this second I want to talk to you 
guys about the three main stages of any 
piece of copyrighting the three main 
stages of any copy is disrupt Intrigue 
and click in this section you'll learn 
capture keep and send your readers 
attention to the next desired action the 
main question when something comes 
across someone's attention is what is 
this why should I keep reading SL 
watching and what am I supposed to do 
next so those are the exact questions 
that we need to answer in any piece of 
copy is also known as you know hook 
retain and reward that's the uh the the 
diagram from from Alex Hero's book so 
how to grab attention here are five 
methods attention is the currency of the 
new economy everybody is looking for 
attention CU attention equals money 
that's why attention has never been so 
sought after yet so hard to attain how 
to grab your readers by the throat and 
make them do a double take so how do we 
actually grab their attention here are 
five easy ways number one we challenge 
their commonly held beliefs so for 
example squats are terrible for Quad 
development the reason why this works 
because squats are widely known to be 
great for Quad development so if you're 
saying they're terrible it's going to 
inspire people to read more because 
they're thinking to themselves well 
what's the reasoning behind this maybe 
squats are ter terrible maybe that's why 
my legs ain't growing well let me 
actually read into this and see why okay 
next is to ask a two option question 
what's a better goal 100K or 10K this is 
going to make people think and they're 
going to want to know what your take on 
it is next is to be relatable so like I 
said have you ever tried making money or 
ly but didn't know where to start and 
kept running into scams or things that 
you just were sketchy about or skeptical 
about it seemed weird that's relatable 
people are like yeah I have tell me more 
next thing you can do is ask a 
paradoxical question why is it that the 
average millionaire is less educated 
than the average person you're going to 
be like huh why is the average 
millionaire less educated why have they 
gone gone to college less and gone to 
University less and have less master's 
degree and bachelor's degrees strange I 
wonder why and you're going to want to 
find out of course and then next is of 
course to make a strong promise here's 
how to get hired by Netflix and make $24 
an hour from home with no experience 
there are tons and tons of reals and Tik 
toks about you know this very topic and 
they get tons of views because people 
want to know how it's a big promise so 
now have their attention how do we hold 
their attention with Intrigue now that 
if you earn someone's attention 
initially this is where you keep their 
attention 
while setting them up to be persuaded to 
take action in the next section we do 
this by making open Loops in order to 
use our reader curiosity as fuel to get 
them to keep reading think of intrigue 
as an itch you tell the reader you have 
something that they want and they have 
physical discomfort until they know 
exactly what the information is 
essentially that's what an itch is like 
when you're when your arm is itchy your 
back is itchy you're like uncomfortable 
you can't stand it until that itch is 
finally scratched I'm going to to show 
you how to do that as well think of it 
almost like a cliffhanger at the end of 
your favorite show for example squats 
are terrible for Quad development here's 
why that's the open of the loop people 
are itching to know why why why why why 
why see I've always been told that 
squats were the secret to tree trunk 
looking legs so this is giving the info 
while the loop is still open so here's 
another thing you don't want to open and 
close the loop right away cuz then 
you're going to lose your attention 
again you only have their attention as 
long as there is an open loop so you 
wouldn't say squats are terrible for 
Quad development that's because lunges 
are better the end you know you didn't 
even say anything so before you actually 
get to the point you have to fill it up 
with information that's going to 
convince them of the point covered 
studies show that squat movements 
actually decrease muscle size in the 
legs right now this is just an example 
but you can use any sort of 
justification that you want that's when 
I realized that in reality squats suck 
hack squats split squats gobet squats 
none of them are truly optimal then 
there's more Intrigue now you're 
thinking okay well what is optimal how 
do I actually do it and that might be 
this the CTA now how to turn attention 
into action and this is where we kind of 
closed the loop now that we've grabbed 
our reader attention then opened a loop 
to keep them reading it's time to close 
the loop and direct their attention 
towards the next action to take for 
example the way I actually built legs 
that literally can't fit into jeans 
anymore is from doing what I call the 
anti-squat training intensive now it's 
another open loop okay well now you told 
me what to do but what's the anti-squat 
training intensive what's that another 
open loop that people are going to want 
to know it works by utilizing more 
targeted leg exercises to build more 
muscle and less time with half the 
effort so that's how it works and also 
has a big promise if you want access 
click here to get huge legs without ever 
doing another squat again and I want to 
talk to you guys about the problem 
solution Loop because that's essentially 
what we did here so how does it work 
every solution comes with a problem okay 
and that's how your emails or copy needs 
to be formed so for example here's how 
to make more money money and in the 
email it shows you how to make more 
money and then at the end it says now 
that you know how to make more money you 
need to know how to invest that money 
not even make it so how do you invest 
that money well I want to show you but 
it's through this link so you give them 
the solution at the end of the email but 
you also highlight a new problem that 
they have that the solution can be 
gotten through the link this is how it's 
done and of course we're going to look 
through tons and tons and tons of 
examples on how to do this okay but this 
is this is what you need to know this is 
the stuff that most people either don't 
do or they have troubles doing next of 
course is the duality of decisions so 
logic versus emotions people buy with 
their emotions and they rationalize 
their purchase with logic think of it 
this way this is what I like to call the 
ice cream parlor effect buying a double 
scoop of your favorite ice cream flavor 
is an emotional decision triggered by 
the tantalizing Aroma and appealing 
display you rationalize it later by 
telling yourself that the calcium in the 
ice cream is good for your bones so it's 
not that bad right or you say a bunch of 
other excuses like oh I didn't have much 
to eat today even though I'm trying to 
lose weight a little bit of ice cream 
never kill me right I've been on my diet 
so well we'll rationalize these things 
with logic to actually you know indulge 
in them and that's what we can use in 
our copyrighting the smartphone 
seduction sure I just bought the new 
iPhone because it will signal my status 
but it will also make me more productive 
at work five more minutes can't hurt and 
here's another one I'm super tired and 
not ready to get up yet besides the 
extra sleep will allow me to wake up 
more rest and be more productive these 
are all examples of how we sell 
ourselves using the emotional and 
logical combo okay and I'm going to show 
you exactly how to do that in your copy 
so it kind of looks something like this 
action is when emotion and logic combine 
so if you can give people a real logical 
decision with the emotion then they will 
take action for another example you guys 
saw that Camaro that I had up there 
right man when I tell you that Camaro 
was a banging price I'm not even lying 
it was really really easy for me to 
justify by that purchase because the 
Camaro was from 2018 only had 25,000 km 
on it it was looking crazy bro it looked 
amazing it sounds crazy and I loved it 
and it was only like 40 Grand Canadian 
that's like under way under almost 30 
grand us that's a steal and the sales 
guy did not have a hard time convincing 
me because it just logically it made a 
lot of sense too and emotionally I 
really wanted it so that's exactly how 
it worked on me and that's how it works 
on most people you can probably think of 
many examp examples of how that's worked 
on you as well but how do we satisfy the 
emotional side of the brain well look 
the best way to evoke emotion is to 
appeal to People's most Primal desires 
here are some ways how Okay so first of 
all storytelling all humans are easily 
hooked in by a good story like stories 
have been the number one form of 
entertainment since mankind has even 
been around you have all these drawings 
on the walls of cavemen and stuff and 
it's all stories right people are so 
interested in stories next is painting a 
picture when you describe things in your 
copy you should always paint a vivid 
picture by using Ultra specificity so we 
talked about this a couple times before 
but when I say pack on 9 lbs of muscle 
instead of just muscle or have Rippling 
ABS instead of just saying you know 
whatever six-pack so you want to 
describe things and paint a vivid 
picture next highlight benefits over 
features a feature is something like a 
an a16 bionic phone chip that doesn't 
invoke any emotion into you you're like 
what I okay and but the benefit is that 
you can now surf the web or play games 
on your phone smoother than ever before 
no more crashing or anything like that 
now you're like oh yes that sounds 
awesome when I was playing on the a15 
chip my games would always crash I 
couldn't play my Call of Duty on my 
iPhone and Peak now with the a16 chip 
you know we're going to be dope we're 
going to be good next is to describe 
fear and dream states okay these are 
highly emotional triggers that paint a 
drastic change either good or bad in 
people's minds Minds okay so fear and 
dream so Their Fear state is what's 
going to happen if they don't fix the 
problem in the next like year or more so 
for example you might find it hard to 
make money but your fear state is you 
haven't you can't make money and maybe 
you're basically stuck in lower middle 
class you're living paycheck to paycheck 
you can't send your kids through college 
and all these other terrible things that 
you can't indulge in all these terrible 
things that will happen to you if you 
never learn how to make money the dream 
state is well now you make money from 
anywhere in the world you make a ton of 
money right that's that's the dream 
state fear State dream state and next we 
have urgency and scarcity the fear of 
missing out is easily one of the most 
useful emotional triggers humans won't 
take action unless there's a reason to 
do it right now okay so in the last 
email for example the scarcity that I 
used was uh we we're not going to be 
able to give away all these free calls 
forever so if there's still a slot that 
you can book I would go ahead and book 
it now instead of later the reason why 
is because because people hate to miss 
out on stuff so by being able to use 
this properly then we are able to way 
more easily get people to take action 
but of course how do we satisfy the 
logical part of the brain okay so now we 
know a little bit more about emotional 
but how satisfy the logical part of the 
brain well for the most part the average 
consumer is able to talk themselves out 
of buying a decision by rationalizing an 
action oh well I should probably think 
about it or I want to wait till this is 
on sale or blah blah blah but when you 
tempt people people with emotional 
triggers that align with rationality 
they'll basically sell themselves so for 
example borrowed Authority getting 
people to trust in what you're saying 
isn't always easy which is why you can 
get them to believe you if you're saying 
alliance with someone that they do trust 
okay so let's say that you are a 
basketball player and I say hey you 
should dribble like this you dribble 
with this technique you'd be like ah 
yeah yeah whatever blah blah blah you 
don't know anything but if I'm like hey 
bro here's the thing Michael Jordan 
always says that you should dribble like 
this then you'll be like oh damn well I 
mean if Michael Jordan says it that 
makes a lot of sense or if I show you a 
video hey yo this is Michael Jordan 
using this technique and they're like 
damn I just convinced you cuz now you 
don't have to trust me I'm actually 
using someone else's Authority for you 
to do what I'm trying to say next of 
course relatability when you describe 
someone's situation or problem better 
than they can they will naturally 
believe you have this the solution okay 
so you'll hear this a lot in copywriting 
and in marketing and it's kind of like 
this let's say you're talking to a 
doctor speaking with the doctor you say 
Hey doctor um there's this thing on the 
back of my ear that's like really really 
painful and then your doctor is like oh 
is there like a small lump there and 
whenever you press it it moves and 
you're like yeah yeah exactly that's 
what it is yeah what's the problem you 
see what he did there he described your 
exact issue that you're having you 
didn't even have to tell him so now 
you're of course going to think okay 
he's the expert he knows exactly what 
I'm feeling so I'm looking to him for 
the next piece of advice and if your 
product or sales page or service or 
whatever is the next piece of advice 
then that's exactly how you make more 
money with copyrighting okay next is 
statistics it's difficult to argue with 
facts and figures statistics can also be 
combined with borrowed Authority for 
massive persuasion for example Harvard 
study shows that squats aren't that good 
Fe likes next is testimonials if there's 
someone else who can relate to the 
reader that has gotten the result the 
reader wants it does wonders for 
building trust people will trust you if 
others trust you so for example other 
testimonials hey I've taught in these 
people how to live happier healthier 
lives and they're like yeah Dr Tyson you 
know what I went I checked them out and 
I wasn't sure but I I did his 
chiropractor whatever chiropractor class 
and now I live and feel happier than 
ever if you have other people trusting 
you then that person is more likely to 
trust you as well next is proven 
scarcity okay so like I already said 
about scarcity but making scarcity 
proven adding actual facts and figures 
to it making it real is something that 
again is going to work wonders if people 
can't come up with a genuine reason as 
to why your scarcity exists then you 
will have no reason to prove it pro tip 
scarcity can always be created so for 
example if you have an online program or 
course like all these gurus do and they 
say make sure you buy it now otherwise 
the price is going to go up or make sure 
you buy it now otherwise it's not going 
to be around forever or we're going to 
run out of courses bro how do you how do 
you run out of an online course it's 
literally a video 
how do you run out of it it doesn't it's 
stupid so you see anything like that 
then automatically you're going to think 
you know this dude is just trying to 
sell me he garbage whatever he's one of 
those scam Guru guys and you shouldn't 
trust them cuz that is literally that's 
garbage but how do you actually create 
real scarcity well it's kind of like I 
did in the other email example I 
Justified it by saying we have a limited 
amount of coaches that can actually take 
these calls and the thing is that it's 
actually true the scarcity is real it's 
not just some Airy Fairy madeup stuff 
like oh we're going to run out of off 
courses or my ebook is going to sell out 
like how do you sell out a eBook bro 
come on now next of course is analogies 
so building off of proven Concepts that 
and things that people already know is a 
great way to convince them of your point 
so it's a lot like the uh coffee example 
that I gave you guys at the beginning of 
this course it's like a $1,000 cup of 
coffee you're going to you're going to 
consume it all and you're going to get 
the most out of it because you committed 
the most to it right and that's how I 
want to see I want you to see this 
program that's how I use an analogy to 
actually get my point across and explain 
it to you in a better way next we need 
to understand the only two human 
motivators that there even are the only 
two human motivators are moving away 
from Pain and moving towards pleasure 
with a slight bias towards moving away 
from pain if someone has a certain 
standard of living let's say they'll 
usually fight tooth and nail in order to 
avoid regression so let's say they're 
making $100 a month they're going to do 
whatever it takes in order for them not 
to fall to to $50 a month but if you 
tempt them saying hey you got to do this 
to reach $200 a month they'll want to 
but they'll won't be as motivated this 
is something that we can use in our 
copyrighting to evoke emotion for 
example 93% of the top economic 
Publications are convinced that the 
worst recession this generation has ever 
seen will come in about the next 1 to 3 
years if you're currently unable to to 
live a couple ,000 below your means 
expect to be forced to downgrade houses 
sell items that genely give you Joy and 
cancel the plans of your next vation the 
only reason I say this because millions 
of Americans are already being forced to 
give up these things and evidence has 
shown that things are going to get 5 to 
10 times worse boom so that's adding all 
this justification all these reading uh 
reasons and also using a little bit of 
emotion by saying look you're going to 
have you're going to be forced to 
actually give up all these things cuz 
people are already being forced to give 
them up and it's only going to get 5 to 
10 times worse that is going to persuade 
people into taking action whatever 
action that I suggest them to take and 
then this is moving towards pleasure so 
the majority of people live in quiet 
desperation longing for more out of life 
but settling for Less by using this 
human bias and positioning ourselves as 
a solution we can persuade our readers 
to actually take action and next we need 
to understand the what's in it for me 
also known as wiifm you'll hear this a 
lot and copyrighting circles or whatever 
with copyrighting groups that's because 
what's in for me is crucial to every 
single piece of your copy we currently 
live in an era of information overload 
that's why people's brains are getting 
better and better at ignoring things can 
you imagine if you actually like watched 
every single video that you came across 
or you know actually were intaking every 
single piece of information that was 
shown to you you'd literally never stop 
intaking information and you'd never 
actually retain any of it either so our 
brains have become ignoring machines we 
ignore thousand times more things than 
we actually consume in a day-to-day 
basis so in order for someone to 
actually care about your copy we need to 
make the benefit clear to them very 
early on in an email for example your 
what's in it for me okay or your reason 
as or why they which should want to keep 
reading should be within the very first 
three lines for example becoming a 
YouTuber can be confusing when first 
starting out it's almost like the more 
you learn the more questions you have 
that's why in this email I'm going to 
show you every common question new 
YouTubers have that's what's in for me 
that's the reason why you should keep 
reading wi FM or whatever you want to 
call it that's it right there and as you 
can see it's in the first three lines 
and that's how you put it in there by 
the end of this email you'll have 
everything you need to monetize your 
channel within the next couple months 
boom even more what's in it for me right 
you don't have to add two lines but I 
added two lines just to make people 
really really want to keep reading even 
if you're currently at zero subscribers 
so I even qualify too so that is a fat 
question's in for me that's a big one 
you don't need to make yours that long 
or three lines or whatever but it should 
be at least one line you need at least 
one line in there next we need to 
understand more about the fear of 
missing out okay so we talked about 
urgency and scarcity but I want to go 
deeper into actual fomo okay that's the 
acronym nobody likes to miss the boat 
when it comes to opportunity this is 
especially true in Realms such as 
Investments for example for example 
imagine if you would have bought a 
couple of Bitcoin for 250 bucks a pop 
and held on to it until now or if you 
would to purchased some real estate 
right after the financial crisis in 2008 
when Real Estate was Dirt Cheap people 
know what it feels like to think damn I 
should have jumped on that when I could 
so by showing them that this is an 
opportunity that they could regret 
missing later they're far more likely to 
take action now instead of later every 
purchase is an impulse purchase so I 
want you to look here this is Bitcoin 
2016 to 2021 so that's 5 years of a 
difference and that is literally an 
extra $61,000 per Bitcoin so 
27,000 per increase which is just nuts 
in only 5 years and people most people 
miss that I know I missed that and uh it 
would have been cool to actually invest 
but I mean I was like what I was 16 
years old Bitcoin was not all my radar 
back then so whatever it is what it is 
now I want to go through some actual 
fundamental SE triggers with you on the 
sales page that I found and so here we 
are on a sales page now this is a sales 
page kind of like I was explaining to 
you guys earlier now there's a few 
things to note here okay quite a few 
things so first and foremost you see at 
the very very top what does it say fit 
Pros overwhelmed with what to post so 
what is this it's calling out their 
audience calling out their audience and 
asking if they have the problem that 
this sales page will fix and now this I 
don't know if it's a sales page yeah no 
it must be a sales page cuz it doesn't 
say free anywhere on it so this is sales 
page I don't know how much it costs or 
whatever but we're going to look at the 
actual page and then we're going to find 
out get the exact post templates and 
content planner That Grew my following 
to 200,000 and signed more than 
3,500 online fitness clients so let's 
break it down the what's in it for me 
okay remember I told you about the 
what's in it for me the benefit people 
only really care about themselves the 
exact post templates and content planner 
you can get that and and then this part 
200,000k following and 3,500 online 
fitness clients that's the big promise 
also emotional right it's an emotional 
argument and then here without DMS 
becoming an influencer spamming social 
media posting risque photos or promoting 
scammy fad diet you can get huge benefit 
with a big result without any of these 
pain points so so that's that's all most 
sales page headlines actually are all 
right now we're going to be going over 
more of like a sales page guide as we 
move on throughout the uh the free 
course here but I also wanted to spend a 
little bit of time on this headline 
because this is essentially all the 
headlines that you're going to see okay 
they're they're very very formulaic you 
really don't have to reinvent the wheel 
all right so you're calling out your 
audience you're telling them exactly 
what kind of awesome benefit that they 
can get and you're also you know saying 
that they can get it without any of 
these things that they either think that 
the program is about and without any of 
the pain points so if you were a fit Pro 
for example you probably have a lot of 
people saying oh well you need to become 
an influencer or you need to do cold DMS 
or you need to spam social media so 
you're probably figuring as soon as you 
get here oh well it's probably one of 
these things but now that you find out 
it's not one of these things you're even 
more intrigued you're like huh I wonder 
I wonder what it is kind of like imagine 
if someone was like hey bro I'm going to 
teach you how to build your biceps and 
you're like okay well you know it's 
probably just going to be this stupid 
bicep curl exercise but then you're like 
yeah I'm going to show you how to grow 
your biceps without even doing one bicep 
curl and you're like wait what well then 
what is it then right it kind of pequs 
your curiosity this is called a not 
statement okay a not statement is 
essentially building Intrigue because 
people usually think that they know what 
the answer is they know what the 
punchline is so if you prove to them 
that they don't know what the how the 
punch line is now they're going to be 
even more intrigued so I guess I 
actually didn't show you guys how sales 
page is usually structured quite yet so 
headline this is the video sales letter 
okay this copywriter this right here 
written by copywriter and then as seen 
in Forbes entrepreneur and these other 
ones so this of course is building 
social proof this is building authority 
this is satisfying the logical part of 
the brain when it talks about all these 
Publications that they were actually 
shown in and here is a mockup a mockup 
essentially kind of shows you physical 
examples of what you're getting and then 
these here are called bullets a bullet 
is essentially what you get and then how 
it helps you and then what you get and 
then how it helps you and then what you 
get and then how it helps you that is 
how bullets are done you'll see some 
people do bullets incorrectly but they 
actually did the bullets quite well so 
for for example a full month of 
recyclable posting templates to 
eliminate the guesswork and overwhelming 
feeling that comes with regular posting 
so this is the feature and this is the 
benefits okay remember I was talking 
about benefits to Features an easy way 
to translate a feature like this to a 
benefit is by saying so you can you get 
the a16 bionic chip in your iPhone so 
you can play games and not have your 
iPhone crash for example 60 proven 
headlines that are pre-engineered to 
call in your dream clients and make make 
them know like and trust you before they 
even speak to you systematized posting 
prompts and tools practically guaranteed 
to Skyrocket your engagement so notice 
how they're speaking about these okay 
and notice also the formatting the 
formatting is italicized bolded and 
underlined which you don't necessarily 
need to do you could just do bolded and 
underlined and then the benefit so it's 
very very easy to read it's very very 
consumable plus 10 done for you post 
templates download now and we'll see and 
we'll send you this bonus boom and a 
little bit more about them and who they 
are I suppose and some more copy down 
here and then some more copy down here 
so as you can see there's all types of 
copywriting all over this page and all 
inside of this video and there's 
probably copyrighting inside the actual 
program as well because most of the 
times these small Deal programs are 
essentially just positioned for you to 
consume the content like what they do 
and then decide that you want to work 
with them through a like a mentorship or 
something which is going to cost 
sometimes two three sometimes 10 grand 
sometimes 20 grand if it's it's like a 
business coaching type of thing so that 
is exactly how all of this stuff works 
now you really really know you have a 
tangible example we've gone through all 
the psychological factors when it comes 
to reaching a page or writing copy just 
like this and that was our one example 
because now we have part four which is 
the copy Commandments here are some hard 
and fast rules about copywriting that 
you guys need to know you need to 
understand man when I learned some of 
this stuff oh it absolutely just blew 
the doors open not only did it really 
helped me in the way of okay well now I 
have a much better understanding but it 
also gave me a lot of confidence because 
I realized you know what copywriting is 
literally not just something super 
difficult it's literally just taking 
certain bits of information and almost 
like feeling in the blanks once you get 
it much better copy will just flow out 
of you I do this thing sometimes called 
freestyling where I just like could 
literally just write down a piece of 
copy and have it be honestly really 
really good then maybe go through some 
edits and boom it'll be done I can write 
a I can write a really good piece of 
Copy in like 30 minutes to 45 minutes A 
lot of people especially especially you 
if you're just starting out it's going 
to take you a little bit longer but 
you'll get there you'll get there so 
rule number one about copywriting okay 
great writing and great copywriting are 
very very separate things my boy the 
following is regarded as one of the best 
poems and pieces of writing to ever be 
created by all mankind this is the best 
writing ever it's called aie mandas by 
Percy B shell aie mandas there was 
actually a whole Breaking Bad episode 
named after Aussie mandias it was 
actually the one where Hank died anyways 
I one of the greatest and most famous 
pieces of writing in the English 
language and I quote I met a traveler 
from an antique land who said two vast 
and trunkless legs of Stone Stand in the 
desert near them on the sand half sunk a 
shattered vage lies whose frown and 
wrinkled lip and sneer of cold command 
tell that it's sculptor well those 
passions read which yet survive stamped 
on these lifeless things the hand that 
mocked them and the heart that fed 
that's kind of like half of the poem but 
what the hell does that mean bro I don't 
know if you know I think you deserve a 
scholarship bro cuz I have no idea what 
does that even mean but that's the great 
part this is some poetic stuff that 
probably took homeboy used to write just 
for me to not even understand it that is 
terrible copywriting and I'll tell you 
why it's terrible copyrighting because 
copywriting is supposed to be clear and 
concise your message is supposed to be 
transcribed from your head into somebody 
El his head in as little words possible 
okay it's supposed to be as simple as 
possible the reading level of your 
copywriting should literally be 10 years 
old a 10-year-old should literally know 
how to read your copy and understand it 
that means you will be making six 
figures as a copywriter writing like a 
10-year-old remember this lesson 
confusion kills conversions that's 
lesson number one is an all of marketing 
all of copywriting confusion kills 
conversions so always focus on Clarity 
over cleverness your main goal as a 
copywriter is to communicate ideas in 
the most efficient way possible while 
using as little words as you can it's 
not about being fancy it's not about 
making all these interesting analogies 
and metaphors and similes or whatever it 
has nothing to do with that okay we 
don't know oxymorons or whatever all we 
need is simple easy to understand 
language right that's that's all of the 
examples that I've shown you up until 
now you've never been sitting there and 
going hm I wonder what that means cuz it 
literally takes you a a football team of 
Scholars to understand what this even 
means which is terrible copyrighting 
okay so two very different things do not 
think that you have to come in here and 
be a great writer next what we need to 
understand what is the value equation 
what is value right you'll hear this 
term a lot value value value what does 
value really mean one of the main goals 
of copyrighting is to communicate value 
but what does that really mean nine 
figure entrepreneur and business 
influencer Alex rosi came up with this 
useful equation right and this is a very 
useful equation I'm going to zoom in on 
it just so we really can can see it 
better so as we can see dream outcome 
times perceived likelihood of 
achievement divided by time delay and 
effort plus sacrifice equals value 
translation so we need to maximize the 
dream outcome so solve a problem worth 
solving so we need to solve a big 
problem so if you tell people hey you 
know I'm going to solve this little 
teeny weeny problem like maybe you're a 
fitness influencer and I want to solve 
the problem you not knowing what to post 
right that's a pretty small problem in 
the big you know schema thing so that 
product that I just showed you for 
example was probably what most likely 27 
or 97 bucks right which is not a lot of 
money if I were to charge people like 
2,000 bucks for that they'd be like hell 
no that's like a little teeny weeny 
problem I ain't charging I ain't paying 
a lot of money for that so they were 
giving you value but they were purposely 
just solving a small problem for you 
okay that's that's what the whole thing 
about it was but it was still good 
copyrighting and the reason why is 
because you need to keep price in mind 
value to price ratio you want your value 
to be way higher than your price at all 
time okay okay so the price on that was 
pretty low so it wasn't that hard to ham 
up a lot of value dream outcome plus 
perceived likelihood of achievement this 
could be things like testimonials it's 
so right here things like testimonials 
improving case studies okay How likely 
are you to actually do it and social 
proof and Authority so when they had all 
those publication as mentioned in 
entrepreneur and Forbes now you're like 
oh well damn you know these people are 
are really about it right these people 
were actually mentioned in these large 
Publications that I know I've heard I've 
heard of before that's how they build 
trust with you and multiply the 
perceived likelihood of achievement next 
of all minimize time to success how can 
we make it faster how we can show more 
progress always adding things like 30 
days 60 days 90 days that always helps 6 
months one year these things always help 
how to get monetized on YouTube in 90 
days people would be like damn I really 
want to know how to do that next is 
minimize effort and sacrifice how can we 
make this easier more seamless and 
convenient in the last example we looked 
at we talked about templates done for 
you templates done for you systems and 
all these sorts of things easy peasy 
next I want to show you how a simple 
ladder makes millions all right this is 
your intro into marketing and how it all 
works I kind of already touched on this 
just a little bit but it's of course 
much worth mentioning again this is my 
beautiful little diagram here and before 
you guys say yes I know I could have 
pursued my artistic career but I decided 
to do this copyrighting thing instead so 
for the most part people will only do 
business with people who they know like 
and Trust right people who they have a 
relationship with I don't want to do no 
business with somebody I have no idea 
who they are like I'm kind of sketch you 
about them I don't know to get people to 
the state of trusting you enough to make 
sizable purchases it's best to build a 
relationship with lowrisk offers first 
okay now here's yet another example from 
my boy alex harosi you can see right 
there on the left it says warm so this 
is a marketing term where if people are 
warmed up to you then they like you if 
people are cold to you then they're 
still strangers people who know you are 
like hi take my money people who don't 
know you cold audience will be like hi 
and they'll be like stranger danger man 
get me out of here I don't want to do no 
business with you I don't know you next 
need to understand brand voice and this 
one is so important this one that 
copywriters always miss out on and if 
you can't nail brand voice then it 
doesn't really matter how good your 
copyrighting is okay and I'll explain 
why a huge mistake that many copy 
writers commit is speaking in their 
voice instead of the client's voice okay 
I don't want to send out no copywriting 
that sounds like you and not like me 
it's my brand it's my business I want it 
to sound like me for example if you want 
to send a motivating or inspiring email 
you should use stories and learning 
lessons from your clients rather than 
than from your own experience if the 
copywriter tells a story about hey bro 
so anyways I was at the airport the 
other day and this thing happened like 
no I want it to be about the the the 
business furthermore the style of 
communication should reflect that of 
your clients as well if a client is less 
formal and more personal the copy should 
reflect that for example where can you 
get brand voice from how can you 
actually understand brand voice well you 
got things like Tik Tok sales Pages 
emails that they've already written 
YouTube videos that they've already 
created reals stories short shorts ads 
tweets captions interviews live streams 
there's literally so many so much 
information that you can pull from as a 
copyr and I want to give you a quick 
example this is my boy Wes Watson and he 
has a very distinct brand voice that 
I've never really seen anywhere else 
getting started with Wes Watson blah 
blah blah blah blah we just need to 
choose to effing win we just need to 
choose to effing win it's all 
perspective on what the f is winning to 
you winning to me is happiness it's 
inner peace I chose to win conquer your 
inner voice right your inner weak voice 
join my exclusive group that's filled 
with information and support of hundreds 
of people just like you to overcome 
Life's greatest challenges understand 
that he has a very distinct brand voice 
if you come in here too soft like hey 
it's not your fault okay I want to coach 
you to overcome the mental barriers in 
your mind that are blocking you from 
your your your life that you desire 
that's way too soft for this dude this 
dude is hard he's fast he tells it to 
you like it is he's like Andrew Tate 
times 10 all right he's out here cussing 
at you on his sales page which is 
something I've almost never seen before 
but as you see that's kind of his brand 
that's how that's his style that's what 
he goes for his brand voice is very 
distinct you would want you would also 
not want to use this dude's brand voice 
for some crazy for some little yoga 
teacher or something so you need to take 
this into account and always use the 
actual client that you're working for 
brand voice boom brand voice explained 
now you are man you're had of so many 
copywriters cuz so many copywriters they 
they focus on creating the best copy 
possible and they're really good 
copywriters they've been doing this for 
3 four 5 months but they're like hey man 
I don't got no clients I'm like yeah no 
no wonder you ain't got no clients bro 
he writing copy that don't even sound 
like the the people you're trying to 
write it for so you know now you know 
thank God now you know saves you a lot 
of struggle right there trust 
understanding your avatar Target Niche 
your target audience is a general subset 
of people who may identify with your 
offer or content an avatar not like the 
blue people running around I'm talking 
about the Avatar and Market marketing is 
bringing your ideal consumer to fruition 
so you can get a crystal clear idea on 
how to single them out okay now that 
might not made sense to you but I'll 
give you a more tangible example target 
audience males aged 18 to 24 lives in 
the United States play sports that's the 
target audience an avatar C the Romanian 
boss is an 18-year-old guy who listens 
to Andre Tate and other inspirational 
online figures he's highly motivated to 
make a better life for himself and start 
a journey with self-improvement but he 
struggles with the basics like waking up 
on time and eating right so that's the 
Avatar right it's very very me mega 
specific I gave him a name I gave him an 
age I I I have an actual person a One 
Singular person in my mind that's an 
avatar where as a target audience is 
like a group of people who you might 
identify with so why is this important 
how can we use it well on the shooting 
range right I told you guys I was in 
military but on the shooting range a 
common saying is aim small Miss small 
what does that mean if I'm making an 
email with C in mind it's a little bit 
different than if I'm making an email 
with just random 18 to 24 year olds in 
mind I might say something like hey if 
you're 18 to 24 and you play a lot of 
sports maybe you play basketball maybe 
you play football maybe you play this 
I'm going to literally for for whatever 
reason like if I'm not being that 
specific I'm going to speak like that 
that might be how you want to speak with 
like ads or something but if you're 
talking to a very very specific type of 
person this is how you enter the 
conversations inside of people's heads 
like we talked about if you're 18 years 
old right maybe you've been out there 
listening to a lot of inut Tate and 
you're highly motivated you want to make 
a better life for yourself you know 
you're destined for more you don't want 
to follow the conventional path you 
don't want to go to no College you don't 
want to go to no University you know 
that path ain't for you but there's 
still one burning question in your mind 
what do I actually do how do I start I'm 
not really sure I mean there all there's 
also there's too many options yet not 
enough options at the same time well I'm 
going to help you with that now I know 
exactly what to pull from I know exactly 
what things to say to speak to my target 
audience and hey maybe there are some 
people who don't identify with this as 
strongly as C does those are the people 
in the target audience but if I aim for 
the target target audience are more 
likely to miss it's just like this it's 
like a bullseye if I aim for the Avatar 
I'll hit the Avatar 50% of the time and 
hit the target audience 50% of the time 
if I only aim for the target audience 
I'll hit the target audience 50% of the 
time but I'll miss the whole Mark 50% of 
the time that is a great way to actually 
make it tangible in your mind so that 
you know exactly what I'm talking about 
part five it's time for us to understand 
some different types of copywriting so I 
already went on to email copywriting 
quite a bit but I want to explain just 
one little bit more and then we'll 
actually take some examples of AD copy 
and sales page copy okay so email 
copyrighting email copywriting consists 
of creating digital creating marketing 
emails that can be sent out to a 
company's list of email addresses or can 
be automatically sent to each new 
subscriber as soon as they subscribe to 
somebody's email list that is email copy 
if that doesn't make too too much sense 
to you don't word because I'm going to 
speak a little bit more about about 
email marketing as we go on I also have 
a very very in-depth free 1 hour course 
on email marketing that you guys can 
check out after this one next up need to 
understand ad copy okay ad copy is 
anything that is created with the 
purpose of using cold traffic if you 
don't understand cold traffic is people 
who do not know you don't know who your 
brand is at all this can be things like 
YouTube ads Instagram ads and Facebook 
ads okay so let's take a quick peek at 
what that might look like boom so this 
is an Instagram ad that I came across 
damn my notification is going wild wild 
if you don't follow me on Instagram 
tyson. scales you're going to get a lot 
of great content there as well 
$132,500 in 30 days from a $5 book Now 
isn't that interesting so it's a big 
it's a big hook now You' seen this big 
result and you're wondering well how how 
did that happen you got the arrows you 
know pointing towards where your ey 
should look next so also some other 
things to knowe in 30 days remember 
where we talked about value we want to 
shorten the amount of time it takes for 
people to get to their desired outcome 
this is the law of ultra specificity you 
see where it says 
132,00 if it just said 100,000 then it's 
not as specific as 
132,00 adding specificity to it makes it 
sound real if someone says where you 
where were you last night and then 
you're like you coming up with a lie and 
you're like I was at the grocery store 
then you're going to be like oh dude 
this dude's lying bro he's tell me that 
he was at the grocery store at 8:00 at 
night what were you getting dog what are 
you talking about but if you were like 
oh I was at the grocery store I needed 
some grapes see I've been eating a lot 
of grapes lately because I don't want to 
eat full meals and eating grapes really 
does help me Vanquish my Hunger so the 
reason why I was there so late is cuz I 
was so hungry but I didn't want to 
commit to eating a full meal and 
cheating on my diet so that's why I 
wanted to go get grapes at 8:00 p.m. 
added all that specificity and now 
you're like huh well I mean damn you 
don't you can't make that stuff up so I 
guess so that's actually real too that's 
why I've been eating a lot of grapes but 
I digress month one of launching my 
wife's Facebook group she signed 1 
32,500 USD of client contracts and has a 
full calendar of hot leaves this concept 
of Hot and Hot and Cold traffic is 
really coming up a lot but good though 
cuz now you guys are going to understand 
it hot leavs we only implemented the 
information from cnc's $495 ebook plus 
$200 Australian per day ad spend 6,000 
Australian ad spends into 
132,00 USD so that equals 
195k AUD work out the roas on that if 
you don't know roas return on ad spend 
it's a little bit it's a little bit 
above your pay grade at the current 
amount of time but don't worry about it 
the right offer plus the right strategy 
equals gold order your digital copy 
today so this essentially is just a 
quick testimonial but then we have more 
copy over here in the description in the 
caption this Facebook client getting 
method is so powerful please only use it 
ethically now you're thinking damn it's 
so good that I could use it unethically 
what might happen what if I do use it 
unethically oh because it helps us sell 
out all the spots in our high ticket 
coaching programs forcing us to reject 
30% of qualified applications ready to 
pay so the only problem you're going to 
have is that you have too many clients 
you going to have too much money you 
won't know what to do with it big payoff 
big result without pain points complex 
funnels fancy websites C dming prospects 
we just use a simple Facebook group 
and the strategies we share with you 
here and then the link inside you'll 
learn and then here's the bullets just 
like I was saying how to rapidly grow 
your Facebook group and fill up your 
blah blah blah blah blah the new way 
they selling High ticket programs to 
sophisticated buyers that overcome the 
skepticism even before you speak with 
the speak with them on the phone how to 
position yourself as the instant 
Authority and win the trust of your 
ideal clients so that they choose to 
work with you instead of your 
competition and all these other stuff 
plus you'll get the fill in the the 
blank templates you'll need to launch a 
new group to or revive an old one to get 
a surge of new members fast so feature F 
in the blank templates benefit revive 
your group bro all of the stuff that I'm 
showing you is very formulaic you're 
starting to notice a pattern all the 
patterns that you're noticing right now 
is literally all copyrighting is it's 
just patterns um I don't want to say 
templates and fill in the blanks cuz 
even though that that realistically is 
what it is it's pretty much all 
templatized all fill in the blank right 
and like I don't want to s like oh super 
easy all you got to do fill in the blank 
make million dollars but essentially 
it's kind of what it is fill in the 
blanks sto it through chat BBT use some 
AI just like I'm about to show you how 
to do and bro even if your English ain't 
good bro you're a good ass copywriter 
you're killing the game and then of 
course there's sales page copy I've 
already kind of shown you guys one sales 
page but I'll show you guys another one 
and it's actually the sales page to this 
um ad that we just looked at so whenever 
someone actually clicks on an ad or the 
link in your email they lead to a page 
that will communicate the value of a 
product it consists of this page a huge 
yeah the contents of this page plays a 
huge role in its success so we just 
looked at the ad copy bro there was the 
actual copywriting on the picture there 
was the copywriting in the testimonial 
there was the copywriting in the caption 
and then man we go over to the sales 
page what do we find copywriting 
copyrighting copywriting everywhere this 
video is copyrighting this headline is 
copyrighting this is copyrighting this 
is copyrighting this is copyrighting 
this whole funnel you can believe a 
copywriter was literally paid so many 
thousands of dollars and then guess what 
after they buy this product they have to 
submit their email their email goes onto 
an email list the email list does what 
emails copyrighting are the gears 
starting to flow with you now man I tell 
you that a cop that copywriting is 
literally the glue that holds a whole 
company's business together I'm not 
lying is literally I'm I'm showing you 
right here right this this is easily a 
seven or eight figure business I can 
guarantee you so like I said said 
coaches consultants and agency owners 
calling out their ideal customers just 
like the last sales page just like all 
the copy we've looked at already steal 
our $10 million Facebook group system 
big benefit download the million doll 
group system book today get one to two 
high paying clients each day with ease 
and then here's the video sales letter 
not could actually watch it at the 
moment but this was written by 
copywriters the script for this is 
written by copy rers download now just 
five bucks claim your special bonus the 
next nine people to claim their dig book 
of million doll group method we'll get 
our AI content formula for free okay now 
when is this this is scarcity only the 
next nine people what is nine people why 
nine people instead of 10 people Ultra 
specificity guys the principles here are 
everywhere like every single it's it's 
all the same stuff okay anybody can do 
this this ain't hard you could probably 
go and write a good sales page right now 
what is the million dooll group method 
then boom it shows you exactly here what 
it is it explains you how to do it I'm 
not going to read it cuz that's a lot of 
textt but if you wanted to know there it 
is right there here's how we built a $10 
million coaching company with a single 
client getting Facebook group here's 
what you'll get and here's a little bit 
about homeboy Landing Stewart he's from 
Arizona I guess that's him that's his 
that's his check that's his shorty 
that's his boang clients in community 
here's him London moving into his dream 
home he has one of those cool TVs that 
looks like wallpaper or whatever he has 
a pretty cool setup I'm not going to lie 
I think my setup wins okay never mind I 
think his his setup is pretty cool he 
got the he got lights he got the books 
my my homeboy made 32 Grand in a day man 
he made 10 million overall shees man he 
ain't playing bro he ain't playing 
around comes with a guarantee and 
everything so look at this huge page bro 
this is not a tiny page man this this 
page right here you guarantee it made 
Bank bro it made Bank the page itself 
was structured by a copywriter all 
written by copywriter the video was 
written by a copywriter the contents 
inside easily written by a copywriter 
the emails that you'll get written by 
copywriters copywriting is everything 
bro the copywriting is everything 
everything so now you know exactly what 
it all looks like and that's still the 
tip of the iceberg man so what should 
you actually focus on to learn 
copyrighting how do you learn it how do 
you practice it so what you should start 
with okay I'm going to tell you right 
now what you should start your focus on 
you should start your focus on writing 
short emails so look these short emails 
are going to be 200 to 300 words ideally 
so they're really short emails the 
reason why short emails win as soon as 
you're starting because they're the 
easiest to create you're going to your 
mistakes are going to show up so all you 
need to do is get them reviewed right 
and they're easy to review I'm going to 
be honest nobody wants to review your 
10,000 words page it's way too much it's 
just that that feels like work I only 
want to look at your 2300w email it's 
going to be short easy to consume boom 
boom done next is story emails okay 
after you understand just writing short 
emails with some of the structures I'm 
going to show you that are not story 
story emails then you want to write 
story emails story emails are highly 
effective yet a little bit more 
difficult to pull off than other 
copywriting structures and next up we 
want to actually write some sales pages 
okay sales Pages consist of many moving 
parts from headlines to video sales 
letters to body copy that's why they're 
more advanced than just the emails but 
you can charge way more upfront all 
right and we'll be learning about this 
more in the next section how much you 
should charge how to make a lot of money 
with copyrighting but right now we need 
to understand what copywriting even is 
and how to actually write it okay 
then we need to speak about writing 
other types of copy so there are 
hundreds of different types of copy out 
there at the end of the day when you 
master the foundational skills you'll be 
able to write any sort of copy you get 
assigned right so there's lots of 
different types but if you understand 
these three things and you can you can 
actually write good with these three 
things then boom you know all all types 
of copy are done so how do we actually 
start with copywriting today okay today 
what do you do after you watch this 
whole however many hours it is program 
free course what do you do we need to 
analyze copy as you guys can tell it's 
very very helpful when I go through and 
show you guys examples of what I'm 
talking about different sales pages and 
stuff that have made millions and 
millions of dollars before so first 
thing you want to do is analyze copy to 
figure out what copy looks like how it 
flows common techniques you should 
continually an analyze and break down 
every single ad email and sales page you 
come across okay so instead of scrolling 
past ads that we all do you're going to 
want to take a look at it click on it 
look through the sales page and 
understand how it all works just like I 
kind of showed you guys how to do next 
go to synthesize damn by analyzing 
copywriting relevant to your Niche 
you're going to find different angles 
strategies and Fascinations that you can 
use in your own copy in the future this 
is called a swipe file we're going to 
talk about this uh in a second and next 
of course you're going to want to opt 
optimize okay optimize basically by 
going through the refinement process 
this is where you write a piece of copy 
you put it all together and then you get 
it reviewed and then you also make a 
good copy by reviewing it yourself the 
next day all right that's how you want 
to optimize so what is a swipe file and 
how do we synthesize so your copy is 
literally only going to consist not 
exclusively but mostly just from other 
people's copy if they have certain lines 
that they did well certain things that 
they did well you want to just use all 
of their copy right and Franken sign 
your own piece of really good copy for 
example ma' it's the same with YouTube 
nobody on YouTube comes up with their 
own ideas it's all just recycled ideas 
with their own little spin on it so for 
example seven dirty habits that turn man 
weak eight habits keeping you a weak man 
remove them from your life Five Habits 
keeping men weak six disgusting habits 
keeping men weak six habits keeping men 
weak why do all these YouTubers just 
make the exact same video cuz all these 
videos always going to pop off they 
understand hey man you don't need to 
reinvent the wheel all you need to do is 
take somebody else's idea and make it 
your own that's it take somebody else's 
copy and make it your own so that's why 
it's called copy you just copy other 
people come on now man come on now man 
if without any flams I don't know what 
it is great copywriters are Masters at 
ethically stealing the best copy that 
they already know works for example all 
the topics above are the exact same but 
the pacing style script and content are 
all totally different exactly some of 
them just feature some guy talking some 
of them feature I don't know cartoon 
animations and some of them feature 
b-roll like some stock footage some of 
them are different voice some of them 
have different pacings all the habits 
that they're talking about are different 
right so that's where it actually comes 
from remember copy isn't written it's 
assembled you literally just take 
certain parts you fill in the blank you 
take parts of other people's copy and 
you put it into your own okay that is 
exactly how you do it and now not only 
will your copywriting be much better if 
you just like do what I'm saying here 
and synthesize but man it's going to be 
so much easier you're not going to be 
sitting there just like looking at a 
blank document like oh man I don't know 
what to write dog I don't know what to 
write you don't need to know what to 
write 
right and also you don't need to do all 
this complicated research and all this 
other stuff on what your avatar what 
your what your target audience is is 
already done for you just look at the 
big the big players in your Niche see 
what they're doing with their copy do 
the same with your copy but we need to 
talk about building your swipe file okay 
so how do you actually go about building 
your swipe file so you're going to need 
to go through and find ads which is not 
going to be hard in 2023 to find an ad 
and if you see anything that's effective 
anything that you like or anything that 
you see is getting a lot of traction or 
anything that you keep seeing all the 
time you're going to want to copy that 
or screenshot it and put it into a 
document that you have called swipe file 
and now I know this is a huge free 
course already huge free course already 
worth thousands of dollars easily but I 
want to give you even more value by 
giving you access to my personal wiwi 
file now I was reging if I I was I was 
figuring out if I should do this or not 
I wasn't really sure but you know what 
ma'am it's one of the best ways to learn 
copy and that's what I'm mostly 
concerned about I'm mostly concerned 
about you guys learning and understand 
standing copy Tyson why are you giving 
out so much free value look I'm not 
going to just be one of those guys 
that's like well look you know I just 
really really I really really want to 
give back to the community and I'm super 
humble and blah blah blah I'm not going 
to play humble like that no I have my 
own selfish reasons I want to be known 
as one of the greats man I came out here 
to be the best at what I do only way 
that I can do that is making you 
watching this right now a lot of money I 
want to make you rich cuz when I make 
you rich you'll say yo Tyson 4D made me 
Rich the Tyson 4D makes you rich all you 
need to do is post about it in the in 
the Discord that you got to win and 
everybody's going to be happy dog 
everybody's going to be happy so I 
actually have a swipe file that you can 
access inside of the copy starter kit 
the free copy starter kit that you can 
download down in the description after 
this video and now I want to take you 
guys to the full guide of writing a 
great piece of email copy right a full 
guide a toz everything so what should 
your email actually look like what 
should it consist of what are the parts 
of it you how does it actually go well 
here's what it should look like at the 
beginning you have your subject line of 
course every email has a subject line 
your subject line should always be 
ideally under 40 characters the reason 
being is because 40 characters is the 
maximum it can be before it's cut off on 
the preview on somebody's phone screen 
on Gmail that is why 40 characters is as 
much as you want to go next up we want 
to get somebody's attention by saying 
something bold saying something 
disrupting then we want to get their 
interest tell them something that 
they're going to want to know and tell 
them why it works or tell them just tell 
them more and next up we set up some 
desire so we take their interest and now 
we manufacture some desire and tell them 
if they want that desire they're going 
to have to take action action is to call 
the action click here to book a call 
click here to buy this product or go to 
this page or learn how to do this that 
or the other thing now this is a uh 
structure that you'll see a lot a i d a 
Ada right it's the most basic 
copywriting or marketing structure that 
there really is but there are some more 
structures p a hso and cjn now Pas and 
hso have been around for decades I don't 
even know they they're one of the oldest 
types of uh copywriting structures email 
structures cjn is one that I actually 
created myself um you know people always 
write in cjn a lot but I'm the one that 
kind of gave it a name right so we need 
to go through problem agitate and 
solution so here's a diagram of what it 
looks like and how it might work so 
problem I do have that problem 
now that you mention it agitate man this 
problem is bad it needs to be fixed now 
but solution don't worry man there's a 
solution there's a way to make it better 
it's a problem relate to them with a 
problem that they are currently facing 
that or they may that they may or may 
not know that they have right so a lot 
of people have problems that they don't 
even know and then all you need to do is 
call attention to it so here's an 
example have you ever lost money on a 
trade and spent the rest of the week 
Revenge trading right so this is like 
this is something to day Traders and 
this is a common problem that they have 
a lot that the average person might not 
know but day Traders they know that they 
have so essentially what they do is 
they're day trading you know they're 
doing the thing and they lose they're 
like ah damn I just lost money and 
they're like damn I have to make my 
money back right now so they trade very 
aggressively and they just throw their 
trading trading plan away right that's 
how day trading works and then they turn 
a bad day into a bad week and they lose 
a ton of money and just blow up their 
accounts this is when you emotionally 
trade aggressively and usually ends up 
turning a red day into a red week real 
quick and now only Traders are going to 
be like ah damn he's describing that 
problem very very well I do that all the 
time and also I I'm not a day trader 
myself the only reason I know this 
because I've seen day Traders talk about 
it online and you agitate it this is 
where you twist the knife and paint a 
picture of how bad the situation will 
get if not remedied so example this is 
the number one reason that new Traders 
blow up their account and quit day 
trading for good 
I've seen dozens of naive Traders make 
their 100K trading fund disappear in as 
little as a couple months now that's 
scary imagine having a starting with 
100K and then poof it disappears into 
like 20 or 10K and the very thing that 
was supposed to give you Freedom day 
trading is now caught you in shackles 
and now you're forced to go back and 
work as an Uber driver to uh to make 
ends meet and I know that because that 
is actually literally a story that I've 
heard before I met a guy on on hs's 
Discord server who said that that's 
exactly what he did so that's that's 
painting a picture of you know then 
what's going to happen then then what's 
going to happen and you can always go 
deep with this right and you can always 
go deeper so for example now you're 
forced to work at Uber now your 
girlfriend is like you know she doesn't 
want to work with a dude at Uber cuz 
it's embarrassing so she breaks up with 
you so then you have to date this will 
the Beast this will the Beast hates you 
and you don't like her at all but it's 
the only chick that you can get then you 
have a baby with this wild of Beast now 
you're stuck with this wild of beast but 
your baby you know you're you're only 
you're only going to you're only working 
at Uber so you can't make a lot of money 
so now your kid can't go to college so 
now he is forced to drive Uber too and 
now you're going to have a whole lineage 
of Uber drivers just because you don't 
know how to solve this one small problem 
of course that's exaggerated but I 
wanted to paint out the picture for you 
so that you know exactly how deep you 
can actually go you can always go deeper 
essentially you want to paint a picture 
about how this one problem can 
eventually ruin their life so the 
solution this is the advice or lesson 
that will remedy the problem that's been 
that's been agitated remember to use the 
problem solution Loop like I'm going to 
show you here that's why creating a 
trading plan and learning how to stick 
to it is by far the most difficult yet 
rewarding key to making as much money as 
you want if you want to know how to come 
up with a trading plan tailor to you 
that you can actually stick to click 
here to watch the free training that I 
uploaded and you click there free 
training that's the action there's also 
so many other types of call to actions 
that you can have so you could be like 
oh well click here to actually copy my 
trading I've I've been profitable 
trading for the last 20 years and you 
can click here to actually copy my 
trades so many different ways you can do 
it so the attention right how you get 
their attention is relate to a problem 
have you ever lost money on a trade but 
spent the rest of the week Revenge 
trading that's how you get their 
attention cuz like oh my God yes I'm so 
interested in what he's going to say 
next a common expression that you might 
hear is the job of your first line is to 
get people to read your second line the 
job of your second line is to get people 
to read your third line so on and so 
forth until the job of your last line is 
to get them to click on whatever you 
want them to click on the interest is 
hey this is a really bad problem if you 
don't fix it then something bad is going 
to happen the desire is but I know a way 
to fix it the way to fix it is to come 
up with a training plan now you've just 
manufactured desire and the last part of 
course action click here if you want a 
free trading plan know how to create a 
free training plan that's tailored to 
you value amazing crazy next challenge 
justify in need otherwise known as cjn 
my personal structure challenge it 
starts with a challenging bque whoa whoa 
this dude's crazy what is he talking 
about this dude's off his rocker and 
then you justify it with proof and facts 
hold up you know this crazy dude 
actually got a point maybe he's right 
and then I want to learn more or I need 
what he actually just told me that I 
needed so here's how it actually goes 
broken down so challenge a great way to 
get someone's attention is for you to 
say something that's contrary to popular 
belief example Kim Kardashian is the 
best entrepreneur of Our Generation 
people are going to be like Kim 
Kardashian what about Alex harosi dog 
and and then you could start the email 
with Kim Kardashian is better than Alex 
harosi she's better than Ty Lopez she's 
better than all these other online 
entrepreneurs that they're that there 
are all the business influencers that 
you know Kim Kardashian is the better 
that's something crazy that's that's 
challenging belief contrary to popular 
belief how on Earth could he say that 
this dude's this dude's nuts but hold up 
justify she's not the smartest 
hardworking or even the best looking but 
she knows how to get attention and turn 
them into followers this is why she's 
one of the richest people on on the 
planet now you're like huh well I mean I 
guess she does have the most followers 
the most loyal fan base and she knows 
how to turn her followers into dollars 
maybe she is the best entrepreneur out 
there then there's a need this is where 
you transition into the Learning lesson 
and use the solution problem Loop into 
the CTA okay so for example and by 
studying the strategies used by Kim I've 
been able to distill her ability to 
monetize attention into a simple 
three-part formula I call it the Kim K 
funnel if you want access just reply to 
this email and and I'll send it over 
isn't that interesting so I've 
manufactured desire the desire is look 
you need to understand how to Market 
like Kim K cuz she's the one making the 
most money out here she's the biggest 
billionaire out here dog I call it the 
Kim K funnel now you're like o Kim K 
funnel what's that now you have and it's 
a simple three-part formula so now 
you're really interested okay what is it 
if you want access just reply to this 
email and send it over see not every 
email has to be click here to go here or 
click here to go there can also be 
replied in this email the benefit to 
that is you know it's more personal 
now it's like you and me are actually in 
a conversation rather than me sending 
you some marketing email and you going 
and clicking and buying something and 
whatever instead we're having a 
discussion I'm giving it to you builds 
that relationship Factor next of course 
hook story and offer so what's the hook 
o that's interesting right hook H next 
wow that's a cool lesson for that story 
story is intriguing now you have a 
lesson and next up is an offer hm maybe 
this will work so here's how it goes a 
hook that grab people's attention by 
giving them a piece of your story that 
sounds interesting or difficult to 
believe example why getting fired four 
times was the best thing that ever 
happened to me wait a second you got 
fired four times how is that the best 
thing that ever happened to you I need 
to know how that's what people will be 
thinking Story this is where you uh you 
reveal the story and give people insight 
into the feelings and the moral dilemmas 
of the main character all right example 
in 2008 I lost everything four times no 
matter no matter how many times I picked 
myself up and dusted myself off 
Misfortune was waiting to knock me back 
down again it was like trying to escape 
quickstand the more I struggled the 
worse it got now and you're like oo so 
so understand that I'm not retelling the 
story here a big problem that people 
have is they say in 2008 I got fired 
four times it's like okay but tell me 
how it felt what was the moral angst The 
Dilemma what actually happened how did 
it feel paint a picture no matter how 
many times I pick myself back up and 
dust myself off Misfortune was always 
waiting to knock me back down again it 
was like trying to escape quicksand the 
more I struggled the worse it got that's 
how it really felt and this is also a 
little bit why they're a little bit 
these story emails are a little bit more 
difficult than the other emails that I 
previously mentioned which is why you 
should learn them in that order okay so 
the offer now you offer them the 
Learning lesson of your advice and 
transfer to another problem solution 
Loop of course problem solution Loop 
very very integral when it comes to 
copyrighting example but after getting 
laid off for the fourth time in 3 months 
I knew I'd had enough so I fired up 
Google searched for ways to make money 
online and 3 years later I just made my 
first million online don't forget that 
it's always the darkest before Dawn join 
the newsletter here you got this man 
that might be something that like you 
know Justin Waller might post on his on 
his YouTube Community post to get more 
people into his newsletter and then 
that's marketing man that's marketing 
right there he gives you a pep talk and 
he lets you know join the newsletter 
here if you want to learn more that's 
the hso all right and this one is is 
very very like I can't even tell you how 
effective stories are right so let me 
show you how effective stories really 
really are so look this is a YouTube 
video that I recorded and uploaded 
recently it's the story of how I went 
from a $12 an hour Carpenter to a 
millionaire copywriter and I really need 
to stress to you that like 99% of my 
videos follow this exact same retention 
path right here the retention path 
literally tells you you how many people 
are still watching and how many leave 
okay now as you can see in this video is 
just one big story and it has really 
really good retention especially at this 
spot at this spot I show a video as you 
can see in this little box here a video 
of me when I was just starting on my 
copywriting journey and everything was 
going wrong right everything was going 
wrong and after I showed that video 
people did not leave like this is 
extremely good retention I had 40% of 
people watching at the 10-minute mark 
would I tell you that never happens like 
that never happens people never stick 
around for a video to the end like that 
but you know why it happened because how 
I painted up my story and how powerful I 
made it this is how strong a story can 
be people are so so interested they're 
so encapsulated by stories it is just 
insane so I really wanted to give you 
that one piece of proof of how powerful 
stories really are so writing your first 
email step by step how do you actually 
do it and now again I want I need I need 
to tell you guys and show you guys cuz I 
know there's going to be people out 
there going yeah but how yeah but how 
yeah but how yeah but how so I'm going 
to literally atomize it into the 
smallest molecule possible so I really 
tell you everything about how so part 
one pick a product/ niche remember 
something that you're knowledgeable on 
will be best you want to pick an actual 
product in Niche and you want to pull in 
inspiration from your swipe file so take 
some of the most effective lines and 
tactfully put them in your own copy 
next we need to fill in the blanks with 
the templates provided using this white 
file and also sub your own research fill 
out the template that's provided inside 
the free copy starter kit which is down 
below and next is to refine your copy 
pass in your copy for review in the 
Discord free Discord edit it the next 
day okay cuz when you come back to it 
the next day you're going to come out it 
with a fresh mind and run it through 
chat gbt okay put it through chat TBT 
say make this email better or something 
I'm going to give you some prompts and 
things of course as we go on and then 
after you've done all that you will have 
a very very good piece of copy and if 
you're wondering of course well how do I 
create a portfolio how do I actually 
show my work to these clients that's how 
you do it that's literally how you do it 
you put all those Google Docs into one 
little file or one little folder called 
my portfolio and then boom there's your 
portfolio if a client ever asks to see 
your writing you just send it to them 
that's all they really want to know when 
they ask for your portfolio or they ask 
to see your writing they just want to 
know how your copy is you hand in 
something the back bro you do this right 
here do four steps bro and you take 
everything that I've told you in this 
copywriting your copy will literally 
blow your clients away okay blow your 
clients away this is the visual 
representation pick a niche you 
synthesize your copy you run it through 
AI with the googly eyes and then of 
course you submit it for review and 
that's how you create a banger piece of 
copy but how do you actually practice 
and get better it's like okay I did it 
first but how do I get better first of 
all you need to write more emails get 
your reps in dog more more emails more 
emails more and more more and more more 
more more like I said volume volume 
volume action action action more more 
and more then you need to submit your 
emails for review other and more 
experienced copywriters will be able to 
see your blind spots and give you 
pointers you're going to have some 
pretty big mistakes in your first pieces 
of copy but they're going to be able to 
remedy them for you next is to review 
your day old copy when you leave your 
copy alone for a day you can review it 
with a more objective mind this will 
allow you to easily catch mistakes that 
you didn't notice before okay so if you 
have even like typos or grammar mistakes 
or low mistakes you can fix them easily 
next is consume copy intentionally watch 
every ad analyze every product and 
recognize marketing strategies okay pick 
out common things that you always see 
next is to review other ones other 
people's copy this one is huge and a lot 
of people miss out on it and that's why 
they're not great copywriters review 
other people's copy you don't understand 
a concept unless you're able to explain 
it to someone who doesn't know it 
reviewing other people's copy will allow 
you to solidify your knowledge I don't 
care if you're on day one I don't care 
if you're on day five go in there and 
review other people's copy cuz looking 
at their copy will also give you things 
to add to your swipe file you need to 
live breathe crap all of it you copy 
needs to be 90% of what you consume copy 
needs to be what you always focus on 
okay CU if you're always focusing on 
copy you're going to become an 
incredible copywriter quickly and sure 
you don't need to give your life to this 
copywriting thing but if you want 
results like zenos if you want results 
like some of the other dudes from the 
Discord if you want to win like that you 
want to win like crazy you're tired of 
whatever you have you have to put up 
with in your life that I'm telling you 
this is what it takes and you can speed 
run to getting paid within 30 days and 
speedrun to 10K a month in 90 days just 
like other students have done this is 
what they've done okay I'm literally 
painting it out for you step by step so 
to solidify our knowledge a little bit 
let us go through and break down some 
million dooll copyrighting okay so here 
I have some emails this is example 
number one from my boy Brandon Carter 
how people make more money in hard times 
what kind of structure is this I'll give 
you a second I'll give you a second it 
is the challenge justifying needs 
structure okay you can tell just by the 
subject line he's going against contrary 
to popular belief he's going against 
popular belief you can actually make 
more money in hard times whereas the 
opposite is what most people would think 
would be true he starts off like this I 
get it Tyson you're probably hurting 
from the effed up economy we're in right 
now rent is through the roof inflation 
is insane and jobs are paying less and 
less so notice here he starts it off 
with with relating to a problem now look 
I need to also put this as a disclaimer 
so what he does here is he starts off 
with catching your attention with a 
challenge right a challenging belief and 
then he goes into a problem so he's kind 
of combining structures here but that's 
okay he's kind of combining structures 
he's going into Pas and the actual email 
but he catches your attention with this 
challenging belief but crying and 
complaining about it ain't going to do a 
damn thing okay now here understand 
brand Voice who are we talking from 
Brandon Carter you know who Brandon 
Carter is it might make a little bit 
less sense but he's kind of like a 
Andrew Tate Wes Watson tell it how it is 
type of guy now this type of language I 
need to also stress this only works on 
young males aged 18 to 24 if you are 
speaking please take this into account 
man cuz I I've seen this happen before 
and it's it's so terrible if you are 
speaking to females or men over the age 
of 24 this is the last thing that you 
want to do you don't want to be like 
look it's your fault you need to just 
pull up your socks and get to work 
that's not the message that people that 
are not in this high testosterone stage 
of Life need to hear okay so keep things 
like this in mind not to be pessimistic 
but neither is protesting or advocating 
for change none of this thing is going 
to do a damn thing trust me this going 
to stay the same and Only the Strong 
Will Survive but you can either lay down 
and give up or say forget it I'm going 
to adapt and beat the odds because 
having a job these days is not going to 
cut it having three jobs won't either 
I'll tell you a little bit about that 
bro even if you you do make enough money 
you're probably wasting all of your time 
working that's why you need to figure 
out how out what the top 2% is doing to 
not just survive in this environment but 
thrive in it how are companies and Rich 
entrepreneurs actually making more 
profits during the worst times ever how 
are people making more money from home 
and people driving to work every than 
people driving to work every day maybe 
it's Drop Shipping or YouTube mon 
monetization or online freelance work 
like copyrighting or starting an 
e-commerce brand sure those all make 
money but they require a lot of time 
something working people don't have 
that's why day trading is probably the 
easiest and most feasible way to survive 
right now arguably hey bro you you 
literally need tens of thousands a day 
to start day trading bro stop playing 
with me anyways I could argue with my 
boy right here but I'm not going to you 
can make an extra $100 to $500 a day 
just using some simple strategies so 
instead of complaining do something 
about it by joining my free master class 
on making consistent profits from day 
trading even when the market is down or 
look into something like Drop Shipping 
or other you lucrative side hustles if 
you want either way you got to do 
something Tyson you know breaking that 
down what do we see here okay so he 
Paints the picture out he paints out 
your problem and then he agitates it by 
saying uh trust me stuff's going to stay 
the same and Only the Strong Will 
Survive he's basically saying look if 
you're having a hard time right now 
you're not going to be able to make it 
within the next few months for the next 
few years you need to do something now 
or else your life is going to go to hell 
in a hand hand basket but then he offers 
you a solution so it's not these other 
Solutions they're all right but not as 
good at day trading you can make an 
extra $100 $500 a day using simple 
strategies with day trading so here he 
manufactures your Desir and then he 
gives you that desire that he just 
manufactured in the free master class 
with the called to action right here 
people join the free Master Class they 
get pitched something and homeboy here 
is making bro this email thisa email I'm 
telling you guys this email made 
thousands of dollars I don't even have 
to guess I don't have to ask homeboy I 
know this email made thousands of 
dollars because something else that I 
know is that Brandon Carter has a huge 
email list cuz he's a huge influencer 
example number two the introverts guide 
to going viral so what is that that's 
kind of like relatable big promise okay 
that's how he catches your attention I 
have a confession I'm actually a BigTime 
introvert yes I don't expect you to 
believe it since you see me traveling 
all the time but it's true looking at 
the lead here you can see it's very very 
short Punchy sentences have a confession 
I'm about introvert yes so we need to 
talk about consumability consumability 
you you don't want to have one big nasty 
looking paragraph at the beginning why 
because sometimes people look at 
something and they're like oh hell no I 
ain't reading all that oh hell no that's 
how I felt about the Harry Potter books 
bro I saw the Harry Potter book and I 
was like hell to the know and I opened 
it up I saw the text was like literally 
that small I was like bro you you got me 
messed up you think I'm ever reading 
this in my life and that's how most 
people feel bro we live in a time where 
you know people are scrolling through 
Tik Tok and they have literally the 
attention span of a goldfish so you need 
to keep that in mind when you're writing 
stuff like this people are literally 
only like one click scroll and tap away 
from you know watch looking at sexy 
super models or Tik Tock models or 
whatever weird stuff that just releases 
so much dopamine into their brain funny 
cat videos or whatever so you need to 
have that in mind you need to make very 
very easy understandable and concise so 
he doesn't have much of a benefit in the 
lead here but he puts the benefit in the 
subject line of course so that's the 
what's in it for me I like to have the 
what's in for me subject line in the 
actual copyrighting itself but again you 
don't have to August was one of my best 
months this year cuz I had two weeks of 
straight hustling in our home in 
Australia wake up work eat gym work 
sleep on the weekends I'd go see 
relatives but after an hour the 
introvert in me would start screaming so 
I'd just leave but Max you post content 
non-stop how the f are you an introvert 
well here's the hack I had two of my 
videographers stay with me for 4 days we 
shot something like 70 videos so I won't 
have to get on camera for a while also 
if you've been seeing my reals I know I 
go crazy in some you don't have to I'm 
this way just for a dramatic effect and 
CU I find it funny so record yourself 
normally you have my permission to be 
introverted to be your introverted Comm 
self if you're starting out just pick 
one day a month to create all of your 
content so the rest of the month you can 
focus on the right things and actually 
increase your income tomorrow I'll share 
more tips about this approach including 
the smart drug behind my insane 
productivity when I go on these content 
creation ramp pages in the meantime if 
you like me to personally show you how 
to do this Hold You by hand and every 
step of the way as you grow your online 
Freedom business you know what to do 
let's make six figures while traveling 
uh six figures while making you go viral 
Max what exactly does he do here so 
essentially he gives you hso hook story 
offer I'm actually a big- Time introvert 
yet I make all this content here's how 
he takes you through his story but his 
story is actually giving you value 
because it's giving you a Learning 
lesson and he manufactures desire well I 
do this by just doing 70 videos and then 
I don't have to get on camera for a long 
time he also gives you some 
inspirational pet talk by being by 
saying you have my permission to be your 
introverted Cal Self okay he's inspiring 
You by saying you don't have to be on 
here be this influencer scream at people 
or say a bunch of controversial stuff 
you can be your normal calm self and 
still make a lot of money online 
manufacturing Desire by saying I'll show 
you how and then of course I don't know 
what the CTA is it doesn't say what it's 
going to give you but I'm guessing it's 
going to be some sort of free value call 
that's going to turn into a sales call 
that's my best guess who knows who knows 
it could be anything next the last email 
that we're going to take a quick look at 
the truth about procrastination momentum 
Monday momentum by 
gra happy Monday Tyson I've got a 
powerful message from the heart for you 
today boom benefit wasn't for me right 
there and if you think you know where 
I'm going with this I'll bet you'll be 
surprised Intrigue we've all had the 
negative thought that tell us you should 
be doing more or you should be more 
accomplished by now or why haven't you 
done that yet relatable problem I know 
what it feels like to have that voice 
inside your head make you think you're 
not where you want to be because you're 
lazy or you keep procrastinating but a 
closer look at our lives you usually 
proves that's not the case okay so 
here's a relatable issue and here's 
getting into a lesson if you're a parent 
or a partner or a member of a team you 
can easily look back and see a long list 
of proof that shows you're not lazy why 
because the truth is there's plenty of 
amazing things and hard work you had to 
do to get to where you are right now 
then what really leads us to 
procrastinate and how do we overcome it 
here's the truth most people never learn 
okay so here's his Learning lesson 
that's giving you value kind of like the 
listicle email template that I showed 
you guys earlier procrastination or 
laziness is usually caused by fear It's 
Perfectly Natural that you try something 
new or different you'll feel uncertain 
when it's your first time doing things 
like stepping into a new career taking 
that first step into doing your own 
thing and starting a new habit or 
success in your life it's inevitable 
that fear will creep in sure sometimes 
it's scary to try new things and fear 
happens when our mind kicks into 
survival mode and tries to stop us from 
doing anything scary but here's what we 
all must ask ourselves 
isn't it more scary to stay where we are 
right now truth is Tyson it's always 
going to be scary to challenge yourself 
to change but that's a dragon that's 
always worth slaying because it it's the 
only way to become the better version of 
yourself in life work and relationships 
so here's what we can do today to slay 
procrastination Dragon for good this is 
the listicle email template that we guys 
sorry that we checked out in the 
beginning get clear on what we're afraid 
of of get clear on what we're afraid of 
avoiding um look at your goals every 
single day and challenge yourself to do 
whatever you'd do if you weren't scared 
write these three things down and 
revisit them throughout the week plus 
here's a few things to help and then he 
gives you his Instagram post and his 
podcast so all this is doing is giving 
the reader free value to build that 
relationship sometimes emails are not 
about selling they're not about making 
money at all but they're for building 
the relationship so that you can make 
more money down the line boom that's how 
that's how it works now everybody I 
would like to give you a basic intro 
into email sequences email marketing and 
how it all works because understanding 
this is going to give you a broader 
understanding of the whole copyrighting 
thing altogether this is going to make 
it tangible for you this is going to 
make it feel real okay so look intro to 
email sequences and email marketing 
here's what a basic email sequence might 
look like so we start off boom eight 
email welcome sequence don't worry 
you're going to learn every single one 
of these sequences in this video I'm 
going to show you exactly how they work 
and why they work of course then you get 
the email product aware sequence a four 
email deadline sequence and then a four 
email retargeting sequence so what is an 
email sequence what are you talking 
about Tyson an email sequence is a 
collection of emails that work together 
to complete a specific goal okay they 
are sent in order to each other these 
sequences can be set up to send to leads 
automatically when they submit their 
email to a list this essentially 
produces passive income for businesses 
okay so let's say some somebody buys a 
$17 product now boom you have their 
email okay cuz they have to submit their 
email to get the product so now on day 
one they get the first email maybe on 
day three or day two they get the second 
email on day five they get a different 
email and then on day whatever on like 3 
weeks later they can be getting maybe a 
four email deadline sequence and you're 
going to be making Revenue off of those 
emails that you got and you didn't 
actually have to go and manually send 
the emails they just send automatically 
and something called an email service 
provider it is a software we talk about 
it more later but we need to talk about 
what a welcome sequence so the goal of a 
welcome sequence is to give value in 
order to build trust and relationship 
between the business and the reader a 
welcome sequence May consist of emails 
that do the following so number one they 
address the problem that the reader 
signed up to the list for for example 
the millionaires anti Focus method okay 
so let's say they signed up to a list 
where they bought some productivity kit 
or hack or something now they get a 
bunch of emails about productivity and 
focus and work output and this type of 
thing right top top five best tools for 
better productivity so example 
and in these emails it's basically all 
value okay you're not asking for 
anything we'll go on and talk about why 
that works at the end of this little 
section here and you give the reader 
insight into how to fix the problem 
while setting them up for the product 
placement okay so let's say for example 
your product is a uh let's say it's a 
mentorship I'm going to come in and 
teach you and Coach you on how to become 
more productive well in one of the 
welcome emails you might say hey here's 
how having somebody else to keep you 
accountable and make sure that you're 
productive I is so amazing to earn you 
money or something like that it's so so 
great and how it's going to 
revolutionize your life but you don't 
end it with a call to action now they 
have that information and it's sitting 
in their head and they hold it as true 
okay wow if I really had I wish I had 
somebody to actually look over my 
schedule and help me with this type of 
stuff three emails later you're like oh 
yeah by the way I do run a mentorship 
program boom they're smashing the buy 
button bro they're smashing they're like 
take my credit card bro take my credit 
card that's how you do it next up giving 
the reader free video content to watch 
so that they can further build their 
relationship this is really important if 
your client or whatever has some sort of 
YouTube channel or videos or long form 
videos or even Instagram videos or 
Instagram live videos that people can 
watch very very very important okay cuz 
when people watch something they're 
they're much more locked into it than if 
they were to read something long okay so 
that's going to also very much help so 
that's essentially what a welcome 
sequence might look like right what it 
consists of next up is a product aware 
sequence the goal of a product aware 
sequence is to start out by subtly 
revealing the product but still give 
value so that the reader becomes aware 
of the product but still opens emails 
because they get so much value from each 
email a product aware sequence will 
usually consist of things like a soft 
CTA okay so there's hard ctas and soft 
ctas just like soft selling and hard 
selling If It's A Hard Sell you're like 
hey get over here buy my product give me 
your money if it's a soft sell then 
you're like you know having a 
conversation you're like by the way you 
know just not a big deal but I own this 
business you get a product if you want 
if not that's cool too that's like a 
soft sell it's a soft CTA aoft CTA in an 
email looks like this PS if you wanted a 
full the full Focus Fortress intensive 
click below to enter deep work Flow 
State at will that might be what your 
CTA looks like so it's a whole regular 
shmegular value email and then by the 
way if you want to get the program or 
get the uh mentorship or whatever then 
that's where you click next up is the 
objection handles okay so what is an 
objection an objection is some is a 
reason most of the time an excuse as to 
why people don't want to buy or aren't 
interested so for example oh well it's 
not the right time right now or I don't 
know if this is for me I don't know if 
it'll work for me these sorts of things 
so objection Handler or something like 
this most people think I don't need help 
with my productivity I'll watch some 
YouTube videos and figure it out myself 
but in reality having a second set of 
eyes to judge from the outside makes all 
the difference and then you would give 
justifications and reasons as to why 
your claims are true you might also give 
Direct ctas that's why I came up with a 
full Focus Fortress intensive it works 
by and then you actually tell them more 
about your product usually you don't 
sell too much in emails but if you've 
given a bunch of value and you're at 
your end of your product aware sequence 
you can do a little bit more hard 
selling next you might give testimonial 
and story emails okay so who are the 
people who have used your product and it 
has worked for so how I made an extra 
10K a month in my business when I got a 
focus coach if you want to if you want 
me to be your focus coach then you know 
what to do that's how that email might 
look next up we got our deadline 
sequence this one this one is fire this 
is where the money be made over here the 
purpose of a deadline sequence is to 
give people a strong reason as to buy 
right now we do this by adding a hard 
deadline to induce urgency and scarcity 
a deadline sequence will usually consist 
of things like bullet point emails short 
Punchy emails that let the reader know 
that what the product is how they will 
benefit from it and how much time they 
have until they miss out on this next up 
you might get some 24 hours left emails 
okay this is an email where it's like 
warning you only have 24 hours left if 
you want to get in here an email that is 
short Maybe just a line or two okay 
these can be very very short Punchy 
reminder emails telling people what 
they're about to miss out on and next up 
is some value emails to go along with 
the deadline sequence and maybe even 
have a deadline PS Soft Cell okay it's 
important to not stop giving Val 
actionable value while you promote in 
order to keep a good relationship and 
next up is the abandoned cart sequence 
again a very very easy one that you can 
add in that will always add you more 
Revenue to the bottom line the goal of 
an abandoned cart sequence is to Simply 
give people a quick reminder about what 
they were about to purchase but didn't 
follow through on so when people abandon 
the carart it basically means like you 
know you know how you get on Amazon you 
click on something you press add the 
cart and like you're about to buy it but 
then you don't check out and you're like 
oh well I don't know something else just 
happened and you get distracted well 
this is simply just sending them an 
email an hour or maybe even a couple 
hours or even a day afterwards being 
like hey by the way you didn't check out 
sequence may look something like this 
quick reminder email okay often times 
people get distracted or they figure 
they'll get around to or later by giving 
them a quick reminder you'll instantly 
capitalize and close more sales and like 
a closing your cart email so if you tell 
people hey your progress in your cart 
we're going to take it away or whatever 
then then this will give people a better 
reason to buy because you know it gives 
them convenience if they do it now an 
inconvenience if they do it later so 
telling people that you're about to 
close their car and they'll lose their 
progress will give them a reason to 
carry out their purchases right now boom 
and then we also might have something 
like a retargeting sequence the goal of 
a retargeting sequence is to give people 
people personalized emails that are 
based on their actions for example in 
these email service providers which 
we've talked about before very briefly 
but we will talk about more as we go on 
if somebody clicks on an email they 
click the link and they go to your 
website page you can see that and you 
can also send them an email based on 
their action so you can be like hey I 
saw that you clicked on that email and 
you saw the sales page and you were 
checking it out I wanted to know you 
know will I see you getting the product 
or what uh this will make them feel more 
spoken to directly and encouraged in 
their purchase an an email retargeting 
sequence may look like this an email 
sent when clicked but not purchased let 
people know that you saw that they 
clicked on the link to your product and 
simply ask why they didn't purchase this 
is a good place to handle objections so 
people might be like oh well you know I 
wanted to take your focus mentorship but 
um I don't have much money right now and 
they're and then you could be like well 
you don't even know the price would you 
like to talk about it they'd be like 
yeah okay and then you know you talk 
about the price and maybe you get them 
in boom right you handle their 
objections so why are these sequences so 
effective well the concept of giving 
value over and over over and over again 
and then only then finally making an ask 
much further into the relationship has 
been proven effective many times right 
this is Gary Vayner che's book on it 
it's called jab jab jab right hook this 
is essentially give value give value 
give value and then ask how to sell your 
story in a noisy social World emo 
sequences are a great way to achieve 
this effect with little effort to ensure 
you keep a strong relationship with your 
leads while still being able to profit 
everybody hates the people online that 
are like yo buy my thing buy my thing 
buy my thing buy buy my thing that's the 
easiest way to get people to ignore you 
and never want to speak to you again so 
what you do is you're like yo here's 
some value here's some value here's some 
value by the way I have a thing that's 
basically how these email sequences work 
and why they're so effective because 
I've seen it many many times before 
where people where people have a bad 
email list right and what that means is 
they've already tried to sell to their 
email list over and over and over and 
over again without without giving any 
value and now their open rate is really 
really low nobody opens their emails or 
interacts with them or clicks on them 
because they just feel like you know 
these emails are just trying to sell me 
something so I ain't going to even check 
them out but email service providers and 
how they work so here's here's the 
software behind it email service 
providers are the softwares that are 
created to build your automations on and 
send to your whole list they offer a 
wide variety of features that we won't 
go into here but they are Revenue 
generating machines depending on what 
your personal agreement is with your 
clients you may or may not be tasked 
with using these email service providers 
so sometimes you could just write the 
copy in a Google doc and send it to them 
and then get paid sometimes you can go 
in there and do the whole email service 
provider set up the automations and 
things as an upsell if you'd like to a 
more in-depth training on this whole 
email service provider and email 
marketing thing there is one available 
on my channel that you can watch after 
this master class okay so this is a 
whole 1H hour Master Class where I go 
deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep 
deep deep deep deep deep deep deep on 
email automations and email marketing 
that is mad deep but that's how deep I 
go what's going on everybody it's your 
boy Professor 4D I am back I am black 
and I am ready to attack on a new day 
same course of the free super God okay 
so look sales page Anatomy unlike email 
copy sales page copy is specifically 
designed with selling in mind here is 
what the basic structure may look like 
for a sales page all right so understand 
that in emails a lot of the times emails 
don't sell but they do make money that 
makes sense with sales Pages there to 
make money they're there to sell okay so 
here's what it usually looks like a 
headline okay and the headline is 
constructed like the ones that we've 
already previously seen of course we 
will go over some more as we go on then 
a video sales letter and then a get 
access button this is what 90% of your 
sales pages are going to look like these 
are basically just blocks so essentially 
you'll just have sections of your sales 
page and they're going to look like that 
like this what's inside how exactly it 
works some testimonials some guarantees 
if any are applicable and then at the 
bottom sometimes you have like a free 
frequently asked questions slide for 
people who just scroll all the way down 
to the bottom the most viewed sections 
of your sales page are going to be the 
top so it's important that you have the 
headline pristine and of course the vssl 
pristine cuz most of the people are 
going to watch the video a lot of people 
are not going to want to read through 
the the rest it's good to have it there 
in case some people do but you know the 
biggest thing is going to be your 
headline and the second biggest thing 
actually won't be any of the stuff in 
the middle but you know what's first 
read is the headline and then a lot of 
the times people just scroll down to the 
bottom that's why frequently ask 
questions is so important because the 
people who just scroll past everything 
and go to the bottom are the ones who 
just want the answers they want to know 
what's the price they want to know 
what's what it is and all that type of 
stuff so you might have frequently asked 
questions where it's like what is this 
and you click on it and it's like this 
is what it is and then some other 
questions people might have like how is 
this product different from your other 
product why is this product better than 
the other products are on the market 
things like that so that's usually how a 
sales page is designed and of course 
we're going to take a look at some and 
we've already taken a look at some so 
you kind of already see this and 
recognized this before so examples so 
this is a sales page of a software 
company all right and it's important to 
understand that software companies are a 
little bit different okay software 
companies don't follow this rule all the 
time especially with the video sales 
letter because it's like you know if 
you're going to download Discord or 
something you don't usually need a video 
to tell you what it is or how it works a 
lot of the times it's just a little bit 
of copy and then free trial 90% of the 
time but the copy on the sales page is 
quite interesting okay cuz it's usually 
with these software companies it's like 
short lines it's very nice and Punchy so 
for example right here there are now 13 
months in a year this is for the app 
motion right not notion but motion it's 
like a productivity app so that headline 
is interesting cuz now you're thinking 
wow what would I do with an extra month 
in the year motion increases 
productivity by 
137% with Automation and AI that 
intelligently plan your day schedule 
meetings and build the perfect to-do 
list so boom that tells you exactly what 
it is and notice how I said again 
software is very very short and very 
very Punchy that's why it's really cool 
to look through it right and you can add 
something like this to your swipe file 
and then here are some templates so this 
right the old way compared to the new 
way for example the old way was endless 
to-do list manual prioritization and 
constant replanning but now we got 
complete everything stop prioritizing 
and no replanning here's a different 
example this is an example that follows 
closely follows what we just looked at 
so see how we have headline access my 
zero to 1.8 million Drop Shipping case 
study for just $1 that's the headline 
and then here's the video sales letter 
get my full Shopify blueprint for less 
than a cup of coffee and that's him and 
he's he's saying how great his 0 to $1.8 
million case study is and then you have 
the little button this is like literally 
what it looks like it's just a 
screenshot but this is what it looks 
like this is the next part and then 
there's the button just like I showed 
you guys they all basically look the 
same when it comes to programs and 
courses and mentorships and usually just 
like online info products all look the 
same you'll see everything my exact so 
this is where it's telling you what it 
is again following the exact structure 
that I laid out for you guys you'll see 
everything my exact product the store 
template every single ad I created and 
then here's like a screenshot of more 
stuff so this is what you're going to 
come across most of the time but this is 
also what things can look like if it's 
not like an info product and if it's a 
software so now we got to go and take a 
look at utilizing AI artificial 
intelligence like chat gbt to Do Your 
Dirty Work AI won't replace you but a 
copywriter using AI definitely will okay 
AI is not like something that's nice to 
have something that you can use 
sometimes like no it is it's necessary 
okay it is necessary U plus AI equals 
dollar sign dollar sign dollar sign I 
literally made it an equation but don't 
worry I'll show you exactly how what can 
AI do for you well first of all it can 
do a lot of good Avatar research so for 
example tell me what it feels like for a 
young man to go to the gym but not be 
able to gain any muscle describe what 
goes through his head in great detail 
that's a prompt that you might use and 
the answer to that prompt will like I 
said be greatly detailed and then you 
can ask more questions to it so let's 
say we use it and it spits something out 
we can say okay great and we can use 
that as inspiration we don't have to 
copy and paste chat gbt is not just like 
hey write me an email for this company 
and then it writes you an email you copy 
and paste it and send it to them that 
ain't never that doesn't happen and also 
you don't want to depend on AI too much 
AI is a tool for you to use it is not 
just you know going to do all the work 
do everything for you it's going to do 
the dirty work for you it's going to do 
the heavy lifting Lifting for you the 
reason as to why this is so important is 
because you'll learn as on your path as 
an entrepreneur that your two most 
important Commodities are your time and 
your energy money is created with your 
time and energy so by using AI you're 
able to save your time save your energy 
so you can make more money come on man 
stop playing with me General 
improvements literally you can copy your 
email paste it in the chat gbt and say 
make this email better longer Wittier 
more persuasive you could say make it 
more anything any adjective you could 
come up with just say that and it will 
improve your copy before you ever send 
your email out anywhere even for review 
in the Discord you need to put it 
through chat gbt and just say make this 
better and see what it does cuz I do it 
all the time and it doesn't always you 
know create my email in a great way but 
it always inspires me where it's like 
maybe if it's just one line one 
paragraph one whatever if it makes my 
piece of copy 10% better it'll probably 
make me 10% more money at the end of the 
day I'll take it for just doing a couple 
copy paste 10% better bro I'll take it 
and most people bro if your copy is is 
like a 4 out of 10 like it's really not 
very good there's even grammatical 
errors and spelling errors and there's 
just flow errors bro put that in chat 
gbt tell it to make it better and chef's 
kiss chef's kiss my boy it will 
literally bring it from a 4 to a 7 out 
of 10 90% of the time it's it's dope all 
you got to do is get rid of the weird 
robotic stuff that it does add some 
humanizing to it that's what I'm talking 
about AI is like an M16 and an M16 
without a trained Marine to pull the 
trigger is useless just like a trained 
Marine without an M16 is just as useless 
you guys together that's what I'm 
talking about bro that's what I'm 
talking about bro also you can use it 
for things like justifications so for 
example tell me why myet is the biggest 
factor to being a successful day trader 
and then it will come up with some good 
reasons then you can use those good 
reasons in your email so if you ever 
stuck man just use AI just use AI 
examples tell me why working a 9 to-5 
job will always keep you miserable tell 
me how building a business isn't only 
preferred but crucial to your happiness 
make it personal add just ifications and 
analogies and make it clever it says the 
Mirage of 9 to5 in the O Oasis of 
Entrepreneurship so here it comes up 
with some dope reasons so I'm going to 
read a little bit imagine you're on a 
train this isn't just any train it's the 
9 to5 Express every day you board the 
train at the same time sit in the same 
seat and view the same scenery passing 
by there's comfort in the routine yes 
but there's also a growing feeling of 
being confined of seeing your world 
through a narrow window limited by the 
tracks you travel on that's the 9o5 
grind why the 9o5 keeps you unfulfilled 
one restricted go growth two lack of 
control three emotionally draining Four 
Financial limitations I mean this is 
very like you know corporate not very 
personal but if I was writing an ad or 
an email about hey bro you need the 
quicker 9 to5 as soon as possible I 
might use some of these reasons I may be 
like look you got very restricted growth 
you're going to eventually hit a ceiling 
in your income for example when I was a 
carpenter but the most I was able to 
make without being a foreman right and a 
Foreman's have to go to college which I 
didn't do the most I could ever make was 
like at the most most most most most was 
$30 an hour which bro when I was $ 18 
$30 an hour sounded Rich that sounded so 
rich once I was making $26 an hour I was 
like hold up I can't pay my bills up in 
this joint it was crazy lack of control 
exactly you you're out here living for 
the weekend it's because many feel they 
only truly live for those two days of 
Freedom out of seven see that is the 
type of stuff that people will read and 
they're like dang man I really do only 
live for the weekend like they haven't 
even thought of it themselves again if 
you can describe a person's pain or 
feelings better than they can they will 
naturally look for you for the solution 
and that is exactly what we were looking 
at you're often trading in those 5 days 
of personal time for 2 days beholden to 
a boss or system that dictates when you 
can take a break go on vacation or even 
be sick Bro I would always get from my 
boss if I'm literally sick I'll be sick 
to where I can barely get out of bed and 
he's like look bro I'm always sick we're 
all always sick you still come to work 
anyway that is literally what they told 
me bro but that's the thing is that I 
wouldn't even think of that right or it 
would take me mental energy and brain 
power to come up with these stories and 
come up with things it's like no no no 
no no with this boom inspiration just 
hit me just like that it's it's 
literally a cheat code a cheat code what 
AI can't do for you it's very important 
to understand what AI can't do for for 
you create emails that you can copy 
paste and send you you never want to do 
that cuz your email bro I can literally 
point out a chat gbt email from a mile 
away 90% of people can now cuz it just 
it uses a lot of the same terms and 
language and stuff but again with with 
as you if you're just using it for 
inspiration and things like that then 
there's no you won't be able to tell 
right you can't tell any of my emails 
have anything to do with AI and if they 
did everybody would be able to tell it 
easily if I just copy and pasted it 
everybody would be to tell also another 
thing to note is that a lot of my copy 
is is amazing it's dope I'm not just 
tooting my own horn like I have a whole 
team that helps me I have ai like it's 
not just me because I'm like a AI Wizard 
or copyrighting wizard it's because I 
use all of the tools I have to my 
advantage and I use them well so 
whenever I post copy or a post on my 
YouTube uh Community post right that's 
where you can find a lot of my 
copyrighting or out to my email list for 
example I got a lot of compliments on it 
people are like yo this is awesome 
awesome there is no prompt in the world 
that you can send where you can get 
emails or copyrighting that's going to 
be the same quality as the stuff that I 
put out or a lot of these really good 
copywriters put out right it just 
doesn't exist that's why you need to you 
need to combine it like I said it's like 
an M16 M16 you can't just take an M16 
and put it out into war you know you 
need a train Marine behind it and it 
can't add a human touch to your emails 
and copy and it can't consistently come 
up with good humor a lot of times humor 
is corny some of the times humor is 
actually funny I'm not even going to lie 
some times humor hit a lot of times 
humor don't 
hit it's it can't tell what's funny it's 
a robot next guys I'm going to give you 
access to the 4D AI prompt pack in the 
copy starter kit that's going to be for 
free down in the description is 
literally an AI prompt pack you can get 
a bunch of AI prompts that you can 
literally copy paste into chat gbt to 
that you can use to make way better 
copyrighting again you're welcome you 
guys are getting all the free tools and 
resources it's nuts it's nuts it's 
literally like um oer out here but you 
get a you get a AI prompt pack you get a 
AI prompt pack you get a AI prompt pack 
I'm really looking out for the boys out 
here I'm I've always been team 
copywriter everybody can win and for an 
actual step-by-step walkthrough where I 
literally take some copy put it through 
chat BT and do all that I have a whole 
23 minute free AI copyrighting course 
for beginners where I go through step by 
step on my channel that you can watch of 
course after this one all right next I 
want to go through some more AI prompt 
examples so before okay I want to a 
before prompt and an after walk through 
with you guys so before what would it 
look like subject line this is this is 
something that I actually got from the 
Discord group all right I got it from 
the Discord copywriting copy submissions 
Tab and it's not that great because the 
dude's just a beginner that's cool so 
listen up often times when people want 
to increase their vertical jump they 
feel like they need to train their legs 
until they achieve giant legs like 
Ronnie Coleman so lesson number one 
first of all this is just way way way 
way too long remember when I said 
copyrighting is how you can transfer 
ideas to people in the smallest amount 
of words possible this is like the most 
amount of words Pro possible so that's 
the first thing I might rewrite it to 
where a lot of the times when people 
want to increase their vertical jump 
they think they have to build their legs 
like Ronnie Coleman that's it not they 
feel like they need to train their legs 
until they achieve giant legs like 
Ronnie Coleman like that's long-winded 
next of all he says legs here twice in 
the same sentence that sounds redundant 
when people are speaking they don't say 
the same word twice in a sentence or 
three times in a sentence it makes it 
sound weird right even when I read that 
out loud it sounded weird and that's 
another thing that you guys need to do 
when you're writing your copy when 
you're reviewing your copy you need to 
read it out loud man because all the 
flow mistakes all that stuff will come 
out when you read it out loud I'm not 
going to read this whole thing cuz it's 
a little bit long but like even in the 
first couple line even in the first F 
like the very first line there's there's 
things that could be proved but in 
reality this is the biggest thing 
holding them back because body body 
building focuses on muscle growth not 
the explosive power needed for higher 
jumps it may limit the range of motion 
making it less effective for jump 
training okay and then over here it's 
honestly just sounds like an 
encyclopedia like if I wanted to know 
this information I would just Google it 
G it's just to like corporate to plane 
right I would add a little bit something 
to it so I went down to chat gbt and I 
just said oh where's the prompt I just 
said make this better yeah right here I 
just said make this email better and 
then after we say that it looks like 
this unlock your vertical jump potential 
with with plyometric training subject 
line is not good so like I said chat GPT 
don't just have all the answers cuz this 
subject line is way too long usually you 
want to check it keep it to under 40 
characters okay so hey name are you 
ready to take your vertical jump to new 
heights if so you're in the right place 
yeah I mean it's all right but it sounds 
this sounds very chat gbt so you 
wouldn't want to copy and paste this 
many people think that building massive 
leg muscles like Ronnie kman is the key 
to soaring through the air with each 
jump however this could be further from 
the truth in fact focusing solely on 
bodybuilding can hinder your jump 
performance so already it's a little bit 
better here's the deal bodybuilding 
primarily targets muscle growth which 
may limit your range of motion to fail 
to develop the explosive power required 
for high flying jumps Okay cool so the 
only way that the only reason this is a 
little bit better is because it's a 
little bit more Dynamic writing right 
it's not just saying oh so you can jump 
higher it's talking about you know soore 
through the air and high flying jumps 
these are the types of words that we 
want to use to make our copyrighting 
more engaging so that's how that's what 
it does better there but it's it's not 
perfect yet so I have another prompt 
make this email funnier and add some 
clever analogies okay bro if you're 
writing a whole piece of copy and 
there's nothing clever there's no cool 
analogies like of course at first you 
need to make it clear as clear as 
possible and this guy's a beginner so 
I'm not going to really go that hard on 
him but here let's just take a look 
subject line vertical jump cheat code 
right even that's a pretty good subject 
line you don't really need to add the 
rest but leaving gravity in the dust a 
little bit more interesting hey there 
high flyer ever noticed how some folks 
think that to increase their vertical 
jump they need legs so massive they 
could double as tree trunks it's like 
thinking you need a 20 lb Sledgehammer 
to crack open a peanut who let chat gbt 
cook bro who let chat gbt cook it's like 
thinking you need a 20 lb Sledgehammer 
to crack open a peanut bro sometimes 
chat gbt hits like that and that's the 
type of thing bro you add that in your 
copy and all of the sudden it is 
literally way better now it's actually 
entertaining to read now I want to read 
this I'm like okay you got me let me let 
me read a little more but hold on to 
your hat because I'm to spill the beans 
on the gravity defying cheat code 
they're missing out on bro this is what 
I'm talking about this this is way 
better this just took his copywriting 
from I'm not going to lie like a three 
out of 10 not going to lie to like a 
seven 8 out of 10 at least the first 
line that we just wrote or just just 
read what I'm telling you everybody 
needs to go through and do do just a 
couple prompts like bro it will 
literally revolutionize your copy there 
is way less of a skill Gap than most 
people realize and now because you watch 
this video cuz I'm telling you a lot of 
copywriters they don't know this stuff 
but now that you watch this video and 
you're continuing to watch it bro you're 
going to unlock all the cheat codes cuz 
I ain't even done yet I haven't even 
gotten started let alone done so now 
that we went through some AI stuff I 
want to take a look at some of your new 
templates that you have access to and 
show you exactly how they work so here 
my friends is the Pas template problem 
agitate solution so what are the 
ingredients so with templates we 
basically have a little bit of 
ingredients so some things to fill out 
then we have the template okay what 
order do you want to have the things to 
fill out in goes and what are some of 
the filler words that's what the 
template is for and then I have the 
whole example right I have an example of 
the template filled out and then I have 
another example of the same type of 
email it's the same problem Adit tape 
solution but it's not from the actual 
template that I gave you so what is this 
going to do this is perfect for anybody 
who hasn't mastered copy yet even if you 
haven't written your first piece of copy 
this is this is the by far best way to 
start by far because now you know 
exactly what to fill out you know 
exactly what the thought process is 
behind each piece of copy you get to 
write a whole piece of copy you're going 
to go through and use AI just like I 
just showed you how to do but then when 
I show you the example that's not from 
the template now I'll get the gears 
going now you'll start thinking okay now 
I can write my write my own piece of 
copy that I have have the first template 
then I have the second example and now I 
can make something a little bit 
different okay it's literally perfect so 
ingredients what's the relatable problem 
that most people in your target audience 
faces okay so for me my this example 
right here have you ever had those 
trading weeks where you just couldn't 
seem to get it right that's what so it's 
like day trading so then relate to that 
problem what's the conversation going on 
in their head right and these are easy 
things you can go to AI for as well no 
matter how perfect your setup was right 
your setup referring to you know your 
trading setup you have all these lines 
no I'm not a day trader but I mean I see 
other people do it I know a little bit 
about what it's about you know they have 
these things called setups as long as 
far as I'm concerned or how in the zone 
you felt you were still closing red day 
after red day again red day just means 
that you were not profitable so like you 
lost money that day and then what's the 
strong justification as to why everyone 
faces this problem even if they don't 
know it so a lot of the times or at 
least some of the times your problem 
might be very relatable but a lot of the 
people in that target audience might not 
even know they have a problem so how do 
we prove that everybody in this Niche 
has this problem even Michael Jordan had 
a string of games where he played like 
crossy two leader but he still went on 
to become the best to ever play that's 
because he knew the comeback principle 
that I'm about to tell you so what did I 
just do there again borrowed Authority I 
also told people look it's not your 
fault that you feel like this everybody 
gets these red days so now this is 
another reason why it's important okay 
when you're pointing out problems to 
people or things that they don't like 
you don't want to be very heavy-handed 
with it for example if someone's 
overweight the worst way you can start 
an email is hey you're fat you 
overweight and you need to lose weight 
because you're chubby as hell that's 
going to make people close the email 
right away because people don't like 
their pain points to be hit that 
abruptly and that hard so by saying look 
hey man everybody could lose a few 
pounds so I'm going to show you how to 
get rid of that extra spare tire you've 
been carrying around or that you may 
have been carrying around that's a way 
where you can be like ah well he's true 
you know everybody could lose a few 
pounds I probably could so let me read 
let's let me read on that's usually how 
you want to come about it so the 
principle is essentially the it's not 
your fault principle and that's what I 
do here you know even Michael Jordan 
play had games where he literally played 
like a crossy chew leader like he just 
couldn't make it right but he still went 
on to become the best because he knew 
the comeback principle that I'm about to 
tell you okay so then again I'm adding 
Intrigue by saying this is something 
that even somebody that you trust used 
before okay Bing Authority next the 
long-term terrible effects what will 
take place if this problem goes on 
forever so remember we talked about fear 
state right the fear state is what 
happens if this goes on for long enough 
if you stay in this slump for too long 
of red days not only can you end up 
blowing up your account but you'll never 
be able to get a green streak again 
people are going to be like damn my 
whole trading career gone just because I 
couldn't get out of one slump so what's 
the uncommon solution to this problem is 
go deep onto mindset work cuz usually 
it's not the trading strategy a lot of 
times it's the in game it's actually 
sticking to the trading strategy what 
good is a trading strategy if you can't 
stick to it if you're just Panic selling 
or or whatever so next is the objection 
handle okay so what is the objection 
that people would usually give people 
are going to think my ET work bro please 
save me the mindset work and the woo woo 
stuff bro all I need is my trading plan 
and that this is the objection handled 
so handling the people's objection 
usually consists of agreeing with them 
at first so if someone's like oh you 
know this is just Airy Fair woooo stuff 
You' be like you know I could definitely 
see how you think that you know what in 
fact I used to think that too until I 
actually tried it and now they're like 
hm interesting what you don't want to do 
is vehemently disagree with their 
objection so if you if someone say says 
you know it sounds like some Airy Fairy 
woooo stuff you wouldn't want to be like 
no man it's really not right you're 
wrong for thinking that if anything that 
just causes friction cuz now you guys 
are butting heads you're saying yes yes 
it is and they're saying no it's not so 
instead when they say no it's not you're 
right you know I can see exactly why you 
would think no it's not all the signs 
lead to no it's not so it's like you are 
right and then they're like okay thank 
you and then you're like but here's 
other thing that you didn't know so you 
basically agree but you deflect so for 
example I don't mean like you need to 
meditate like a monk or pray to the gods 
or anything weird like that so now 
they're like oh okay so it's it's not 
anything you know crazy weird you just 
have to find a way to build your 
confidence back up you know then like oh 
okay I can I can mess with that I can 
mess with that so then a strong 
justification as to why your uncommon 
solution is actually the way that's what 
the greats like Michael Jordan and Kobe 
Bryant go out of their get out of the 
slumps and how you can get out of yours 
TR justification and what's your 
solution and how does it help the 
ultimate trador mindset methods a 
step-by-step manual to mastering the 
ingame of trading right maybe that's an 
ebook or something let's say a $7 ebook 
for example okay so what's the actual 
template this is what the template looks 
like all right I'm not going to actually 
read it out cuz it it's kind of just the 
uh ingredients but they're in order and 
they also have some filler words so what 
does a template look like filled out so 
how to get out of a trading slump so hey 
first name have you ever had those 
trading weeks where you just couldn't 
seem to get it right no matter how 
perfect your setup was or how in the 
zone you felt you were still closing red 
day after red day well in this email I'm 
going to show you how to get out of a 
training slump before it does permanent 
damage to your trading account because 
realistically this is a problem that 
affects everyone not just day Traders 
even Michael Jordan had a string of 
games where he played like a cross-eyed 
cheerleader but he still went on to 
become the best to ever play that's 
because he knew the comeback principle 
I'm about to tell you because if you 
stay in a slump for too long not only 
can you end up blowing up your account 
but you'll never be able to get a green 
streak again I know it feels like the 
market just has it out for you all right 
and now we're getting to the what it 
really feels like but realistically the 
problem is just in your head when you 
start racking up l's you'll tend to make 
the most basic mistakes Panic selling 
Revenge trading and overtrading right 
these are things that trading people 
talk about I'm pretty sure that these 
are pretty relatable but 
again I don't really know that well I'm 
not a day trader myself but essentially 
I'm going back into the relatable 
mistakes so how do you overcome the 
trading slump you do what the great did 
go deep on some mind mindset work and I 
know it may sound dumb okay so this is 
the objection handle but I don't mean 
you need to meditate like a monk or 
prayed to the gods you just have to find 
a way to build your confidence back up I 
know it's easier said than done so this 
is where I manufacture desire you have 
to find a way to build your confidence 
back up and I know it's easier said than 
done so this is where I'm transitioning 
to I had a solution but that's why I 
created the ultimate Traders mindset 
methods a step-by-step manual to m 
mastering the inner game of trading 
clear here to get instant access your 
wallet will thank you later that's all 
for now trading Tyson boom so check me 
out that is exactly what the template 
might look like if you filled it out and 
now you can do the same thing for 
literally any Niche even even if it's 
like personal training even if it's a 
personal finance or investing or info 
product or anything right anything you 
could imagine you could use this 
template for so here's another example 
of one that doesn't actually follow the 
template that I just laid out it says 
big hustle little growth try this okay 
so this subject line is essentially 
being like uh you know is this the 
problem you have try this have you been 
consuming a lot of business content but 
your business is not growing that much 
happens all the time whether it's from 
your favorite YouTuber or buying 
programs to grow your business there is 
no shortage of advice when it comes to 
Growing your business Now personal take 
you know business twice in the same 
sentence so it sounds a little bit 
redundant and repetitive but I digress 
and again this is from a major 
copywriter like a major business who 
even sells $3,000 copywriting courses 
his name is Dan Lock And even his copy 
like it ain't that great you or me could 
easily come into his business and make 
the copy even better make more sales 
that's what I'm saying is that a lot of 
these big dudes make a lot of money 
regardless if their marketing is dookie 
but if their marketing ain't dooky 
imagine how much more money they can 
make and we're the ones who undie their 
marketing it's just nuts you hear it all 
the time promote on Tik Tok hire influen 
is run discount promotions go all in on 
ads avoid ads AI will leave us without a 
job so what is he doing here he's being 
relatable I mean you hear all this 
business nonsense and blah blah blah 
blah blah and on and on and on so what 
does it mean Tyson are they all wrong 
are they all scammers are they all 
paring out whatever they hear online 
well not necessarily chances are there 
is some good advice flowing around but 
sometime sometimes for free see getting 
access to the information is not a 
problem anymore you would think getting 
the right information is the key to 
growth it's not after working with 
thousands of business owners do you know 
what the absolute number one differences 
between successful ones and the ones who 
fail execution no amount of business 
advice in the world can beat good 
execution even somewhat crappy advice 
can be turned around with fast good 
execution you ain't wrong can you 
actually block out a couple of days to 
Define and Implement what will move the 
growth needle in the next 12 months what 
about your team can they execute that's 
the key if you ask me grow smart they 
unlock PS if you want a little extra 
execution well and fast we we have our 
next smart challenge happening soon if 
you need to grow you are invited to 
implement with me make a real difference 
in your business in the next 12 months 
so this is the call to action this is 
called a soft CTA right a soft call to 
action where he's not like you know 
shoving it down your throat or telling 
you you need to come here you need to do 
this blah blah blah blah blah he's just 
adding it in the end where it's like by 
the the way if you want to achieve this 
result check out the free course dog 
right so you can do it that way as well 
that was the Pas but what about hso the 
good old hook story author well don't 
worry cuz we had a template for that you 
know what I'm saying hook story offer 
template ingredients so what's the most 
interesting part of the story that's 
what you want to start with at least in 
your in your subject line in this 
example now it's really interesting if 
you watch any horror movie or usually 
any TV show or any movie at all when you 
start it usually starts at the moment of 
highest tension it starts with like 
dude's like in a police chase and he he 
just runs over some something crazy and 
he's going off and doing jumps and he's 
flipped his Core 10 times and he gets 
out and he runs and he's in a shootout 
with the police it's like the craziest 
thing ever happens in the very beginning 
to really hook your attention okay and 
that's usually what we want to use in 
the subject line so for example how 
losing my life savings and crypto made 
me a millionaire that kind of makes 
people go wait what makes them do a 
double take like hey wait how did that 
happen usually usually it's like a 
result and then next you usually start a 
story with the setting time and place 
example it was 2021 and everyone was 
talking about crypto so this isn't 
necessarily a place but it's like a time 
and a setting that's usually how you 
want to set a story and then next you go 
into the what's in for me now this is 
kind of hard for people to do in a story 
email but it's pretty necessary okay and 
I'll tell you when it is and when it's 
not it's necessary when people don't 
know you very well so if I'm sending out 
an email to my whole whole entire list 
there's going to be a portion of that 
list that doesn't know me very well so 
I'm going to add a strong Wesson for me 
why am I telling you the story why is 
the story important so for example the 
lesson I'm about to share with you is 
going to let you make as much money as 
you want and now you're like okay now 
I'll read if you just start telling a 
story and I don't know you very well I 
ain't listening most people ain't 
listening you would want to tell a story 
even if it's to the people that you do 
know then you can go ahead and you don't 
have to add a very strong lessen for me 
so if you're sending only an email to 
people who have bought from you before 
or then you don't really need a super 
strong westender for me next you want to 
begin your story how did things feel and 
what were you hoping for so I was 
working over time to put in extra money 
into crypto so I could get rich like how 
it seemed all the other kids on the 
internet were then something big 
happened crypto crashed and I lost all 
my savings how did it make you feel use 
analogies and metaphors and make it 
dramatic I was devastated it was like 
someone took my heart out and put it 
into a meat grinder all those weekends I 
could have spent with my family or 
friends but instead they were all wasted 
and I could never get them back what was 
the Learning lesson never let outside 
factors never depend on outside factors 
only yourself how can this Learning 
lesson directly affect the reader target 
audience this is why copywriting is 
great you only depend on yourself right 
and this is also a true story from me 
it's interesting people ask me well tyon 
does the story have to be true or where 
should I get this story so a great way 
is you can get the story from your 
client or who you're working for okay 
even if your client or whatever doesn't 
have a great story you can always tell 
somebody else story you always say I 
knew this guy his name was Jim and then 
just go on to the story does the story 
need to be real I mean it' probably be 
better if it was you could add a little 
bit of realism to it next you want to 
manufacture desire now that you know 
that lesson right so if you want to make 
money online copyright is way and then 
treat the Desire with a CTA click here 
to learn more about copyrighting it's 
kind kind of how you'd want to do it 
here's a template boom boom boom with 
the filler words and the order and stuff 
and here's my example how losing my life 
savings made me Rich hey first name back 
in 2021 I was convinced that crypto was 
my golden ticket I really was it was all 
anyone was talking about people were 
literally talking about crypto who 
didn't even know how to pronounce 
ethereum people were calling it ethereum 
I was like bro you don't even know how 
to damn 
it anyways I digress and in this email I 
want to show you how losing my life 
savings in crypto actually made me Rich 
I know it sounds crazy but understand 
this lesson and I can guarantee you 
you'll make as much money as you could 
possibly want because at the time time 
crypto had already 10 xed Dogecoin was 
making people rich and even stocks like 
Tesla were going crazy I knew I just had 
to jump on the B bandwagon this was my 
chance to finally create the wealth I 
knew I was Justin for so I worked every 
second of overtime that I possibly could 
10hour shifts every weekend was a small 
price to pay for the fortune I was about 
to make but then this happened picture 
of Bitcoin going down literally 75% 
within a year and in the span of a year 
my life savings had been destroyed 
leaving me with only 15% left imagine 
putting 10 grand into the into the stock 
market and it turning into 1.5 Grand ah 
my heart it was supposed to turn into 
100 Grand and it turned into 1.5 Grand 
oh my God I was devastated I was 
devastated the the one thing that was 
supposed to Grant my freedom ended up 
snatching what little of it I had left 
but looking back on it the lessons I 
learned are what led to my success in 
fact fact I think if crypto didn't 
destroy my life savings I might still be 
a broky because yes even though I 
technically worked all those extra hours 
for nothing I learned that I never 
wanted to depend on luck to create 
wealth ever again instead I'd rather 
take matters into my own hands forget 
betting on stocks to crypto forget 
trying to find the winning drop product 
to drop ship and forget anything else 
that wasn't 100% dependent on you and 
your work ethic that's what initially 
drew me to copyrighting in the first 
place it's all up to me no no outside 
factors that play like a game of chess 
there is no chance no teammates to Wi 
you weigh you down and nothing that's 
outside of your control it's just you 
versus you never bet on outside factors 
always bet on yourself wherever you're 
going I'll always do my best to help you 
get there click here to follow the 
newsletter and then link boom that might 
be a community post that might be a 
little email or whatever and the CTA is 
just to my Instagram my Instagram or 
something but the CTA could be like well 
if you want to learn more about copy 
writing then click here to get my free 
course or maybe click here to get my PID 
course or it could be not even about 
copyrighting at all maybe it's about a 
social media marketing agency maybe it's 
like well I want you to start your own 
agency click here to learn how there's 
so many different types of ctas that you 
can have to it there so many ways you 
can mix and match whatever you want 
right again this template works for 
anything so let's go for another example 
this subject line is called the event 
that humbled me it's an email that I got 
can't remember who it was right now but 
we'll see at the end Tyson I thought I 
was killing it at the time I had three 
profitable businesses and 300 units of 
real estate I thought I hadn't made I 
was wrong when the 2008 economic crisis 
happened I got hammered my business got 
slaughtered my real estate plummeted in 
value even the bank started calling my 
loans not because I had ever missed a 
payment it was because they were the 
ones in financial trouble it was a 
hellish and stressful time and it took 
months of hard Knox learning but I came 
out of it smarter richer and better 
prepared to survive and thrive today I 
have multiple highly profitable 
businesses my real estate Empire is over 
4 billion in size so what did I do 
differently a lot for starters I didn't 
shrink my goals I didn't start playing 
defense the other things I did were 
mostly strategic I learned how to make 
my business on breakable so they could 
survive any outside forces and once I 
did it no longer mattered what the 
economy the competition or even the 
environment did my business continue to 
build scale and run like clockwork look 
I've spent over 40 years developing the 
plans that have helped me create 
multiple highly successful businesses 
I've refined and distilled what I've 
learned down into five actionable 
Frameworks I use these Frameworks to 
build and scale every bu business I've 
created they work for any type of 
business up until now I've never shared 
them with anyone else publicly but 
that's about to change 
starting tomorrow I'll be sharing my 
proven Frameworks for the first time 
ever it happens during the unbreakable 
challenge the online 5day live event is 
happening from January 24th to 28th and 
I'd love for you to be there here's the 
link to register remember it's 100% free 
to attend look building my own business 
is hard but you don't have to come up 
with a plan on your own you can use my 
proven Frameworks instead I'm willing to 
share it with you for free during the 
unbreakable challenge make a commitment 
to your life right now make a real plan 
to learn proven Frameworks so you can 
put them into your into action into your 
own business grab the seat 10x everyday 
Grant Cardone that's who it was Grant 
Cardone boom you can see here he does a 
little double CTA action right this is a 
good example because he does things a 
little bit different a little bit more 
outside the box and this dude literally 
spams emails every day not spams spams 
but he sends out emails to his list 
every single day he has all these books 
all these audio books so understand he 
doesn't have a have to have a huge 
whaton for me in the beginning right he 
just kind of went into the story he does 
exactly what we talked about the event 
that humbled me okay interesting I want 
to hear more I thought I was killing it 
and then something bad happened it got 
hammered my business was slaughtered my 
real estate plummeted even the bank was 
calling my loans not because I have Miss 
a payment it was because they were the 
ones in financial trouble it was hellish 
and stressful time boom so he goes into 
exactly what I talked about understand 
that these are not this is not a 
cherry-picked email all story emails and 
story even reals that you see like those 
are all basically copyrighting that's 
how you get people's attention with the 
story tell a story that people that 
holds people's attention and intrigues 
them and also deflects their attention 
into something else so here he talks 
about making your business unbreakable 
he's a manufacturing desire and then 
what does he do he treats the desire by 
saying come to my unbreakable challenge 
Clockwork it's all the same stuff boom 
exactly what I'm talking about it's 
almost like gr Cardone watch this 
program that I'm showing you guys right 
now and before we dive into how to get 
clients to make money ASAP okay with the 
actual client getting strategies cuz you 
guys know copywriting now let's go a 
little bit of recap and action steps so 
in this section here's what you learned 
you learned what copywriting is and why 
it's so valuable you learned how to 
write your very first piece of copy we 
talked about email copywriting 
structures we understood psychology 
principles that sell and we know how to 
utilize Ai and do the heavy lifting for 
you so now of course people always going 
to be asking yeah but how yeah but how 
yeah but how well understand this the 
immediate action steps right after you 
watch this full course is to download 
the templates I provided for you fill 
them out and start writing your first 
piece of copy just like I showed you and 
follow the checklist provided previously 
okay again you're going to want to come 
back to certain parts of this video 
there's going to be Chapters at the 
bottom of it so you can just easily 
navigate now we find out how to get some 
damn clients and make this money my boy 
so now everybody Welcome to the paid in 
30 days how to get copyrighting clients 
and yes you are seeing a brand new 
slideshow because the program wouldn't 
let me add on to the last slideshow I 
had because there was too much value for 
the one slideshow so we out here with 
slideshow number two in this piece okay 
in this class I'll be handing you the 
complete action plan to getting paid as 
a copywriter in 30 days or less you'll 
get the exact screenshots and scripts 
that I used and my students have used to 
get their paying clients you'll walk 
away from this section knowing the 
prospecting Secrets okay the best places 
to find clients and the exact criteria 
to use to figure out exactly who you 
should be outreaching to a lot of copy 
bers don't spend enough time on this 
they're just outreaching to any joeo 
they can find wasting their time but I'm 
going to show you how to not do that how 
to do it correctly next the ultimate 
Outreach method menu a range of 
effective Outreach methods that consist 
of the core four best strategies that 
are going to guarantee you book sales 
calls getting sales call calls will not 
be an issue getting replies will not be 
an issue next Authority Optimizer 
Instagram understand the way to turn 
your simple Instagram account into a 
client closing machine with just a few 
minutes of work a day I'm not talking 
about being an Instagram influencer I'm 
talking about making some money with 
Instagram cuz people come to Instagram 
they're like oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa 
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa this dude 
is about it hold up that's what we want 
to make them feel next sales call Super 
strategies steal my exact sales call 
strategies and scripts so that you can 
close any client you get on a code with 
next the paid in 30 days road map this 
week by- week game plan so that you can 
know exactly what to do every step of 
your journey with copyrighting if you're 
starting today from zero man can I get a 
Hallelujah next up the 90 days to 10K a 
month blueprint a complete guide on what 
to focus on every single week until you 
inevitably crack the 10K a month Mark 
disclaimer if you watch this course all 
the way to the end you will have a good 
chance of making that six figures as a 
freelance copywriter but you need to 
take in everything I know it's a long 
program but it like you you already know 
man it's condensed like you already know 
it's condensed and also is energetic 
it's not just boring I'm not just just 
talking about nothing here putting you 
to sleep no no we electric up in this 
piece but do these methods actually work 
I'm I'm going let you come to that 
conclusion yourself okay over here we 
got my boy Kevin Wagner who is literally 
working with Ty Lopez if you don't know 
who Ty Lopez say you have been living 
under a rock my boy because this is the 
biggest entrepreneur influence of our 
time he's a dude who's talking about 
here in my garage back in like what 2009 
or something he was like the first guy 
to ever do it here you can see he says 
I've been Tai Lopez's direct response 
copywriters working with him and his 
sales marketing team for 3 weeks now 
I've made 2.2k from him so far we'll be 
at 3.2k a month going forward this 
brings me to a total earning of 5K plus 
with copyrighting so far crazy to think 
anyways you can read the rest if you 
want and over here we have my boy Denny 
who got 2K a month for 12 months a 12 
month contract for two grand a month and 
they sent him look at this a Mac Pro and 
some other stuff a Mac Pro man stop 
playing with this dude that's a dream 
client right there bro imagine imagine 
your client literally just sends you a 
MacBook Pro in the mail bro I wish I 
wish dog over here we have my boy a 4.3k 
for the month and of course he's showing 
off his goodies down here screenshots 
and got himself a Mac Air and this looks 
like the iPhone 14 I could be uh wrong 
he ain't done winning though he has more 
down here he made around 6.3k and then 
over here my boy Frozen flexing on us 
with the yawning emojis man with the 
€2,000 my boy Elaine with he just hopped 
off a 
$3,750 car love my boy Elaine man I work 
with him personally over here we have my 
boy Bamberg 2K over here Benjamin 3K 
ranne 2K are you starting to get the 
picture are you starting to get the 
picture and guess what bro you guys are 
going to be learning the exact same 
Outreach strategies that my homeboys 
here have been learning but what even is 
Outreach what is Outreach how do we get 
clients what are we talking about here 
Outreach is the best way to get clients 
as a freelancer avoid things like job 
boards and freelance websites okay these 
ways of trying to make money as a 
freelancer are useless for the most part 
people are going to be like oh well I 
got a baby cousin who's making $224,000 
a I'm not talking about that okay I'm 
talking about you your success is my 
responsibility I'm trying to make you 
win out here and I know for fact that 
the best way to make you win is not to 
post a job board and just wait around it 
ain't that okay instead you should 
Outreach to businesses to get clients 
with Outreach we find clients online and 
decide if they're worth outreaching to 
or not this is known as prospecting next 
the goal of Outreach is to get on sales 
call the sales call is where you get 
clear on your goals and intentions and 
ultimately sell your coopering services 
to them okay now look some people out 
there are thinking to themselves right 
now talking about talking about sales 
call sales you mean I got to get on 
camera and and sell my services and get 
on me meetings and stuff with business 
owners hey bro I remember when I was 
first starting this was the scariest 
part to me that I not want to do I did 
not want to do I would literally get out 
of ordering pizza any chance that I 
could like I try to order it online or I 
would like go to my homeboy or I'd call 
up my homeboy and be like hey bro can 
you order this pizza for me cuz I hated 
speaking on the phone I hated all that 
okay I'm like the biggest introvert you 
could imagine believe it or not and uh 
bro trust me man literally the best 
parts of your life your true success is 
literally just on the other side of 
discomfort you got to get uncomfortable 
for just a little bit and it's only 
uncomfortable the first time and then 
you become like a fish in water man like 
like out here trust me when I tell you 
I'm an infant trovert I didn't want to 
get on camera I didn't want to do any 
videos I didn't want to get on any sales 
calls look at us now bro look at us now 
okay and if I can do it if all my 
students can do it you can do it too my 
man what does outreach really look like 
what is a visual representation okay 
well let's ask ask my boy horoi so this 
is you and this is basically the 
Outreach strategies I'm going to show 
you here's how many people are probably 
not even reply here's how many people 
will reply here's how many people reply 
and like talk to you and say are they're 
interested and here's the 1 to 2% that 
will buy but here's the crazy part you 
only need three to four clients ever to 
make money to make like 10K a month so I 
don't think that you got to do this 
process forever I literally only did 
this process for like 9 months and I 
never had to do it again that's what 
most of the copywriters that you see 
winning up here they don't really do 
Outreach they just do they work for a 
couple clients they get their clients 
and then they just get clients from 
clients or they have clients Outreach to 
them cuz their Instagram is so so 
popping I'll show you how to do that 
later later too but who are we going to 
outreach to another question not nearly 
enough copywriters actually spend time 
prospecting properly and end up wasting 
time outreaching to the wrong people 
like I've said before here's how you can 
avoid that first of all approved niches 
okay the approved niches that I'm about 
to give to you you don't want to do no 
weird niches that just don't have any 
opportunity in it okay cuz yes every 
business needs copywriters but the thing 
is that we are freelance copywriters 
okay so there are only certain niches 
that are really tend to work with a lot 
of Freelancers next of all the ones who 
have a product okay we want to go for 
the ones who have a product well Tyson 
don't all businesses have a product well 
weirdly enough no some people make a lot 
of money from just Affiliates so they 
don't have a product but they're just 
like oh go over here buy some tee 
Handley and they'll get a little bit of 
Kickback and that's how they make a lot 
of money next of all we want the ones 
who are desired size so if you're trying 
to outreach to like McDonald's a little 
bit too big my boy okay but if you're 
trying to outreach to like I don't know 
some random who has like 200 followers 
on Instagram he probably ain't popping 
like that he ain't got no money for you 
okay so there's a happy medium that 
we're going to talk about as we go on 
some beginner Outreach mistakes that you 
must avoid Prospect size like I said you 
want them to be the right size next 
Prospect product and of course Prospect 
Niche much like the things that we just 
spoke about but you only want yeah 
exactly so I kind of already explained 
this okay the ones who have their own 
product and not the Affiliates and you 
want the ones from the approved niches 
so this is the opposite of what you want 
to do now again guys I'm not a hater I 
like Andrew Tate but the type of 
Outreach that he teaches in his course 
is absolute booty cheeks my boy over 
here did a video called I tried Angie 
T's copyrighting course for 30 days and 
this is what he made so I'm going to 
actually enlarge it right here so that 
everybody can see so here's his Outreach 
strategy here's the Outreach that they 
teach you in husk University or the real 
world and's course and here's why it's 
so terrible subject line let's boost 
your sales with Tik toks already my boy 
your email deleted your email going 
right into my trash can my boy and I'll 
tell you exactly why I already know you 
trying to sell me something subject line 
so you might as well just put the 
subject line hey I want your money what 
you want to do is come up with something 
sales neutral look like it's a friend to 
a friend cuz then the people will 
actually open it I digress let's go 
through it hey business name I was 
recently browsing through business name 
and I was genuinely impressed by what 
you offered terrible compliment you were 
impressed what was impressive about it 
bro it's here's the other thing right is 
that you want to make these business 
owners feel special feel like you're 
just outreaching to them this is a clear 
an easy template what do you mean 
impressed by what I offer you didn't 
even say what I offer why are you 
impressed by it but we'll talk about 
that more later it got me thinking about 
how Tik Tok with a massive user base 
could significantly amplify your reach I 
specialize okay you're already talking 
about yourself the second line and 
you're already talking about yourself we 
talked about what inent it from me 
you're in the you're in the email 
talking about anyway it's more about me 
if I wanted to know about you dog i' ask 
okay and it's not being rude I know it 
sounds kind of like you know rude but 
the thing is that people everybody is 
self-interested especially business 
owners if you go up to a business owner 
trying to tell them about yourself bro 
they don't care I specialize in running 
managing Tik Tok ads helping businesses 
like yours reach a broader audience in 
turn increasing sales with the right 
strategy I believe we could unveil a new 
layer of potential a new layer of 
potential for business name to make 
things straightforward I'll manage and 
run your Tik Tok ads initially my fee is 
$500 a month consider a trial face wrong 
very very wrong for obvious reasons you 
don't tell them the price in the first 
email you don't tell them the price at 
all cuz bro you're literally in the 
first email basically just saying hey 
give me 500 bucks give me 500 bucks give 
me 500 bucks you're spamming out emails 
to for people to give you 500 bucks I 
guarantee you you will literally be an 
80-year-old man before you get a client 
with with this I promise you that once 
you start seeing the desired results 
which I'm confident you will whatever my 
fee would be $11,000 a month uring to 
get the most out of your Investments I 
understand that introducing a new 
marketing strategy can be interesting so 
I'd love to chat more about how you can 
specifically benefit business name maybe 
a quick call next week thank you for 
your time also pitching the call on the 
first email ter terrible terrible 
terrible terrible literally a Nega five 
out of 10 if I were to make an email 
perfectly displaying everything of what 
not to do this would be it I'm not 
trying to put bro on blast but like I'm 
just being honest you guys I don't want 
you guys sending this man that's that's 
I don't want to waste your guys' time so 
here are some Outreach mistakes to never 
commit okay first of all calling 
yourself a copywriter in the first 
message saying hey I'm a copywriter 
you're literally just giving them 
objections the reason why you're giving 
them objections is because they're going 
to be like oh I don't need a copywriter 
so you want you don't want to call 
yourself a copy writer in the first 
message next of all you don't ever want 
to re reveal the price over text because 
again you're giving them objections 
they're like I don't want to spend 500 
bucks though and price should be open to 
interpretation if they ever ask about 
about price you just say something like 
uh highly varies we should get on a call 
so we could talk about some of the 
packages or what you would need and then 
then it gives you an actual reason to 
get on a call rather than just saying I 
would love to get on a call first of all 
asking for the call on the first message 
no no heck no man forget the time okay I 
already told you you don't you don't say 
the price literally time is way more 
important than money when it comes to 
these business owners so you're going to 
ask them for their money and their time 
G ask for money and time in the same 
email in the first email before they 
even said hi to you hell no hell no next 
being overly critical and insulting in 
to their marketing so you know if you 
ever come at them with like hey I 
thought of some things we can do better 
you don't ever want to come at it like 
hey I know why you're not getting any 
sales hey your marketing sucks hey your 
your your sales page is garbage let me 
fix it like that's overly critical and 
that's going to cause resistance next 
being long- winded and being beating 
around the bush man all this long- 
winded stuff about like hey I was 
looking through your thing and I got me 
thinking 
hey Tik Tok blah blah blah blah blah bro 
don't nobody care next saying I'd love 
to I'd love to hop on a call with you 
yeah duh I know you'd want I know you'd 
love to hop on a I ain't here for what 
you would love my boy why would I love 
it don't ever say I'd love to hop on a 
call blah blah blah blah blah I don't 
care what you'd love again business 
owners self-interested tell me why I 
would want to this is way too much about 
you not enough about who you're reaching 
out to terrible in so many ways so many 
ways I'd love to I know you'd love to 
hop on a sales call and try to sell me I 
know you would love 
that man I'm going a little bit too hard 
how much Outreach should we do a day 
another common question well it has an 
uncommon answer and I'll tell you why 
there are many variables at play okay 
such as your Outreach method that you're 
using the time you have in a day and 
your proficiency at that Outreach so how 
much Outreach some people are like oh 
we'll do 40 outreaches the day stupid 
there's so many out there's so many 
variables it doesn't really make any 
sense so the answer mostly depends 
depends on how much time you have 
because most people have a maximum 
output of 3 to 4 hours of deep work a 
day is best to use a majority of that 
deep work for outreach if you don't know 
what deep work is you need to read the 
book deep work by Cal Newport or just 
understand the book you can watch a 
quick 10-minute video about it on 
YouTube but essentially deep work is 
your ability to do really deep focused 
work no distractions you ever notice how 
if you're ever cramming for a test or 
you've been working already for like 10 
hours that your output actually like 
very quickly declines so for example if 
you're doing Outreach for your first 3 
hours hours of the day you're nice and 
fresh you might be able to do 20 
outreaches for an hour but as time goes 
on get more tired now you're only doing 
10 outreaches for an hour 5 out it for 
an hour cuz you're getting all you're 
getting distracted your mind is just 
getting foggy you just can't do it at 
the same output you used to anymore 
that's when you should stop doing your 
deep work and start doing some shallow 
work what's shallow work well shallow 
work is like I don't know replying to 
emails and doing some other stuff that 
you need to do but it's you don't need 
to dedicate your deep work to it I just 
gave you a million dollar lesson right 
there prospecting methods how do we 
actually find the clients I'm going to 
show you the best way to find the best 
copyrighting clients possible first of 
all Instagram ads scroll through 
Instagram take note of the prospects 
that you come across these people are 
trying to grow their business and they 
have a marketing budget 
extreme important next Instagram 
followers business owners usually follow 
other business owners M we got some 4D 
thinking up in here now if you find 
someone with around 100 followers a lot 
of those people are going to be related 
business people next up is YouTube 
search most business have somewhat of a 
YouTube presence because YouTube has a 
such a strong SEO search engine 
optimization YouTube is the second 
largest search engine on the planet 
right behind Google but they're kind of 
the same cuz YouTube and Google are 
linked Google owns YouTube it is easy to 
find good prospects and you can find 
your email right on the channel 
page so what does Instagram ads look 
like I was scroll through Instagram I 
found this ad for my boy Joel Kaplan 
he's a social media marketing agency 
Guru 
next up I just click on his profile easy 
next up I just Outreach to him with one 
of the messages or with one of the 
methods that we learned this is not the 
method here but again very very very 
easy way to do it next up Instagram 
followers you turn one Prospect into 
100s so as you can see right there he is 
only following like 600 people and he's 
an agency owner so presumably he follows 
other agency owners okay okay are juic 
is starting to flow the gears are 
starting to turn okay let's see I click 
on the the first profile there and boom 
agency guy 20,000 followers perfect 
Prospect to outreach to I'm giving 
youall gold right here this is some 
liquid gold right now my boys next 
YouTube search so search for something 
related in your Niche so right here I'm 
going to zoom in how to lower body fat 
okay and I found this guy and I was like 
okay cool and next you check to see if 
he has a product and oh look at that 
sculpt by signs that's a product that's 
a product we we're heating up next you 
go to their about page to get their 
email all you need to do is go to to the 
about section and then right here it 
says details for business inquiries and 
then you can view their email address 
and then you can email Outreach to them 
if you want or again he obviously has 
his Instagram also linked to his account 
so you can Instagram Outreach to him as 
well sorry this stuff just excites me so 
I apologize but now we need to 
understand niches niches niches niches 
niches list of approved niches first of 
all fitness and health this is overall 
one of the most lucrative niches online 
in general with the most diverse sub 
niches so Fitness is health and health 
is like a gigantic normous industry next 
up high ticket mentorship and info 
products okay these products have huge 
margins and business businesses in this 
Niche are abundant and they make good 
profit and they're also pretty likely to 
work with Freelancers the thing with 
businesses like this is that they're 
usually run by entrepreneurs just a one 
business entrepreneur or business 
influencer type of guy these dudes are 
really good they're they're really good 
for hiring fre ancers when you have a 
super corporate type of businesses they 
don't like to hire Freelancers they like 
to hire people and they work inhouse 
basically means they work on like a 
salary it's you know basically like a 9 
to-5 job they only like to hire people 
for a 9 to-5 type of position okay but 
we don't do that we do freelance work so 
you know this is great next is real 
estate most if not everybody who deals 
in real estate has substantial income 
and cash on hand translation they got 
that Moola baby and all we need is a 
piece of it next up the six fundamental 
principles of Outreach that you cannot 
forget man first and foremost do not 
ever be needy okay acting desperate or 
needy is going to make you come off as 
low value and not worth the client's 
time all right I don't think I need to 
elaborate on that because What's 
Understood don't got to be explained 
next of all you want to justify any 
claims just like with your copywriting 
how you adding all these cool 
justifications you using social proof 
you borrowing Authority you want to do 
the same thing in your Outreach when you 
talking to clients nobody wants to trust 
your word especially because they don't 
know you justify all of your claims with 
proof next of all you want to be 
personal don't try to act super 
corporate you'll sound like a bot or 
just a weirdo okay next of all do not 
waste their time okay like I said do not 
waste their time business owners value 
time more than money keep it snappy 
simple and clear if they want details 
they'll ask for them next is to give 
value give them value don't try to take 
value from them come to them with some 
sort sort of value to prove that they 
that you aren't just a value vampire 
this is the best way to make a good 
impression next of all do not be pushy 
being pushy will always cause resistance 
and make the other person think that you 
are desperate so I want to talk about 
some ways that you can actually give 
value okay cuz I didn't really speak 
about that too too much so you can give 
them some samples of your work you can 
make them you can make them emails and 
be like hey here are some emails feel 
free to send those out to your list for 
example next you can send them a quick 
video we'll go through like Loom videos 
and video intro DMS as we go down but 
there's many different types of value 
that you can give them next up you can 
give them like sort of like ideas so 
like hey I went through and did like an 
audit of your sales page or audit of 
your emails or your funnel and I came up 
with some ideas can I tell you about 
them that is a much better call to 
action than hey let's hop on a call you 
can talk about hiring me for 500 bucks 
and then after that hire me for 1,000 
bucks the core four Outreach methods is 
what we're going to be talking about 
next first of all cold Outreach boom Oh 
yeah I guess I should read these so 
first of all bait and Riz next of all 
cold email next of all video intro DM 
next of all LOM video guys for God's 
sakes please look I love you guys okay 
understand that I know you guys are 
beginners but please don't ask me which 
one is best I'm giving you four of them 
so that you can try all four and pick 
which one is best for you they all work 
very very well keep that in mind they 
cold email Outreach first of all attain 
the prospect's email just like I showed 
you pretty pretty easy okay and if you 
don't know how to do if if you're 
looking for the email and they don't 
have a YouTube you can also use things 
like 
apollo.io where all you to do is find 
their LinkedIn and you can get their 
email from that next of all you send 
them a cold email using the fundamental 
building blocks of an effective email 
script which of course I'll go through 
with you guys and also have some really 
good email scripts in the ultimate 
Outreach Playbook which is inside of the 
copy starter kit which is inside of the 
description which is free okay follow up 
from different angles with value you 
know after you Outreach you want to do 
followup the money is on followup email 
Outreach what does it look like email 
opener okay so your opener should be 
something very very easy so something 
like hey just just reply back with the 
word sure and I'll send over a quick 
video or I'll send over my my value and 
you offer and give them value that's 
what this represents I know this is a 
beautiful picture and then you pitch 
them the call once they're like you know 
what that value was pretty dope and 
you're like okay cool let's hop on a 
call they schedule a call now if you're 
doing a call you can either schedule it 
with calendly right what calendly is is 
basically a call schedule right so it 
shows you what hours you're available 
what hours you're not available 
and it lets people book calls I highly 
recommend calendly it is also free 
calendly is is what it's called so 
building your call email let talk about 
it we want to have a personalized 
subject line that sounds like it's from 
a friend so for example quick question 
first name quick question first name 
very very very easy it's not going to be 
like hey copywriting for first name it 
wouldn't be anything like that that's 
stupid cuz we don't want to talk about 
we're not trying to sound salesy okay 
the subject line is not trying to sound 
like we're about to sell them something 
next next highly personalized first line 
so what if you're going to send a 
compliment do send a compliment right 
don't say hey I really liked your offer 
dog water your video from going to 30% 
to 5% body fat is literally blowing up 
and taking over the YouTube search 
engine I figure that you must be getting 
loads of leads for shred zone or 
whatever the product was see how 
personalized that is and how and I'm 
actually like speaking like I'm an 
actual marketer like I know what I'm 
talking about and not just some dude 
saying hey bro I like offer Dookie Balls 
give a personalized reason as to how you 
can add value for example since you're 
Gathering tons of emails from your 
application funnel I was curious as to 
how your email marketing is going and 
next you want to give a low commitment C 
CTA I'm only asking this because I came 
up with some ways you could tweak your 
funnel and mix some improvements would 
you be opening to open to hearing them 
now all they need to do is say sure they 
don't need to schedule some call with 
you that they don't even know like boom 
okay and now you're offering them value 
it's amazing it's so much better than 
the C email we just listened to so some 
value again some value you can offer in 
your cold email ideas and audits 
personalized email copy like a sample 
and a loom video but next we need to 
talk about bait and Riz okay this is 
through Instagram DM so first of all we 
want to give them an opener that will 
make them bound to respond this is 
important because on Instagram as soon 
as you message somebody you go into the 
requests tab okay it's very important 
that you go from the requests tab to 
their primary tab because then when you 
message them on Instagram they get no 
and that's very very important you don't 
want to be sending them or outreaches 
and it just goes into the request Tab 
and they don't know what it is so what 
and once you have once you're in a 
conversation with them it's much much 
better A lot of people think an Outreach 
is like you send them an Outreach and 
then they book a call and then whatever 
you hop in sales call pretty much never 
works like that it's usually a lot more 
conversational okay you ask them 
questions they answer and ask you 
questions you answer ask them questions 
and then once you're having an actual 
conversation now it's much harder for 
them to ghost to you next up you want to 
offer them them value of course and 
after you offer them offer them value 
get on the call DM openers that you can 
steal to get from the request tab over 
into the primary tab God damn this is 
gold the value is just oh my goodness so 
personalized compliment hey first name 
just wanted to show my appreciation for 
the recent live you did like live on 
Instagram yeah the things about 
wholesaling were so valuable and then 
Pro tip let these marinade so let's say 
I give somebody an awesome compliment on 
Instagram and they're like hey thanks 
bro and then I'm like by the way 
I am a copywriter and I came up with 
some ways we could increase your 
business and blah blah blah blah blah 
they're going to be like ew cuz he just 
sent me a compliment just to flatter me 
just so that he could pitch to me and 
objectively it is pretty disgusting it's 
literally like somebody walking up to 
you on the street being like bro them 
Jordans are are nuts those are clean my 
boy and then you're like oh thanks man 
you know I actually got them over at 
Foot Locker blah blah actually wait by 
the way would you like to buy one of my 
cell phone plans now you're like oh man 
this dude done had me me all like 
excited I was ready to show him my Js 
and stuff and uh you look you you feel 
like an idiot and you're you're kind of 
mad cuz you're like you know what this 
dude just came up to compliment me just 
so he could sell me something it ain't a 
cool feeling so we don't want to do that 
you want to let them marinate what that 
means is compliment them they say thanks 
or something you leave it alone for two 
or three days leave it alone trust me 
guys i' I've I've done this I've done 
this all my people have done this for a 
long time this works and then you want 
to ask a question about their product 
okay that's a different one that you can 
use the reason why is because who 
usually asks you questions about your 
product people who are looking to buy 
but not always so they'll mistakenly 
consider you as somebody who's ready to 
buy so of course they're going to answer 
you they think you're about to you're 
you're asking about their product so hey 
first name I saw that you have a 
mentorship program and I was curious if 
your courses were included in it as well 
so they can answer yes can have a 
conversation once they're in the 
conversation you know now they're 
looking at your stories and you're not 
going to go ignored the next thing you 
can do is just casually reply to their 
story damn that highrise you have makes 
me want to move to Chicago Chicago so 
bad boom like that examples I got them 
and guys here are some actual examples 
of Me closing clients with the very 
methods that I'm teaching you and 
showing you so I just said hey first 
name I just wanted to reach out to show 
my appreciation for the content a lot of 
real estate and wealth gems keep up the 
good work all I said and then what did 
he say next thanks man how much do you 
charge to make some email copy sequences 
now this I'm not going to lie this is 
unusual this doesn't happen most of the 
time but it does happen sometimes 
especially when you have your Instagram 
account set up which we're going to talk 
about a little bit later how to set up 
your Instagram account so that 
businesses actually come to you but 
that's not what we're talking about 
right now okay so here's the thing right 
he ask how much you charge like I said 
you never reveal how much you charge 
through text right it gives them a 
perfect objection to just not want to 
talk to you anymore so here's here's how 
you handle that obviously highly 
dependent on the project really is email 
marketing something you're looking to 
Outsource right now question mark he 
says yeah I have a couple events coming 
and of course I'm going to put together 
a couple other things I need it for also 
I said okay if you're open to it let's 
schedule a quick chat and we can go over 
some things and then I sent him my 
calendar link right I sent him my 
schedule he booked a call we got on the 
call I sold him some emails easiest 
client I might have ever got I literally 
just sent him a compliment and he did 
the rest of the work I mean I'm not 
trying to blow smoke up anybody's Arts 
here and just tell him oh it's super 
duper easy you know this will happen 
every time no this doesn't happen every 
single time but guys like it doesn't 
have to be rocket science out here to 
actually get clients it really doesn't 
and then I replied to somebody's story 
where I said damn bro look at you go 
dropping value bombs too you're the go 
he said thanks my man much appreciated 
and I left it for like 8 days right and 
then I sent him a video intro DM so as 
you can see I kind of use a little bit 
of bait and switch and a little bit of 
the video intro DM method we're going to 
talk about that a little bit later the 
video intro DM what the exact script was 
but essentially it's just a video of me 
and I'm saying hey what's up that's it 
just a video where I'm saying hey what's 
up essentially it's not that's not the 
actual script right but um just a video 
of me quick 30 to 60 seconds telling 
them who I am what I do introduce to 
myself he says what's up brother I 
appreciate you reaching out yes the 
video definitely stands out I have 
someone on my team here at HQ that takes 
care of that for me but if that were to 
ever change I will post the opportunity 
on my story so while this was not a 
complete you know yes right now the 
thing is if I keep following up with 
this guy I keep wearing him down 
eventually he's going to have me working 
on there he says he already has somebody 
on his team working working for that 
boom that's already a close client right 
there cuz that person on his team will 
not be there forever okay and he won't 
even have to post the opportunity on a 
story you want to know why cuz I'mma 
always be there following up with him 
every week or two for the end of time so 
who is he going to want to work with a 
random person that came and replied to 
his story when he said he was looking 
for people or the dude who's been 
hitting him up non-stop in his DMS with 
value sending him videos sending him 
work sending him case studies sending 
him everything right following up with 
him with the exact follow-up scripts 
that of course I'm going to share with 
you in this video this just too much 
value just too much value it should be a 
legal bait and Riz that's exactly what 
it looks like you ask them a question 
give them a compliment something do a 
little opener you Riz them up 
essentially you just speak to them you 
speak to them you have a little 
conversation are you doing any email 
marketing right now or you looking EMA 
Outsource that email marketing or or 
maybe you ask him a question and then 
you say something like hey I signed up 
to your email list but I didn't get any 
emails or yeah I got I got your free 
thing or I gave you my email but I 
didn't get any emails or I only got like 
three emails are you have are you doing 
anything with email marketing right now 
is email sequences something you're 
looking to implement into your business 
to get some passive income then they're 
going to be like well maybe yeah okay so 
I I want to do this whole email 
marketing thing but I'm not really sure 
how then You' be like oh well perfect 
you know I'm an email marketing expert 
I've worked with such and such I've made 
him this much money why don't we hop on 
a call sometime and figure out if it 
would be right for you boom call Money 
done your pay paid you're officially a 
freelance copywriter it's really it 
really do be like that sometimes video 
intro DM what does it look like get them 
to reply with an opener of course next 
send them a short personalized video 
introducing yourself and telling them a 
little bit more about what you do and 
then you close the call right ask them 
if you want to hop on a call descript 
and and examples are available in the 
link in the description okay so in the 
copy starter kit I actually show you 
these videos right here because you know 
I want to go fast fast fast and hard I'm 
not going to put the video up on screen 
right now so if you want to watch this 
exact video that got me clients that 
keeps getting me clients and got me 
clients over and over and over and over 
and over again and gets my students a 
whole bunch of clients a whole whack of 
clients then you can go down in the 
description and download it and see for 
yourself but stuff works I just showed 
you how it works the video intro what 
does it look like you complement them 
you wait you let up marinate just like I 
told you guys then you send them a video 
intro that's you inside the video you 
say hey then you give them the script 
and you tell them and then you 
eventually just ask them hey maybe you'd 
want to hop on a call sometime to see if 
this would be right for you bam get on a 
call Bo but how do you actually close 
people on a call don't worry we're going 
to be talking about that too next I need 
to tell you about tell you guys about 
the loom video Outreach okay so step 
number one opener we all know how to do 
that right opener get them to reply boom 
boom boom done next you want to tell 
them that you came up with a couple ways 
that you can improve their funnel and 
make them more money so you basically 
offer them the loom video hey I recorded 
a quick video about how I could make you 
more money with such and such but with 
your funnel with your emails with your 
this that or the other thing with your 
webinar whatever can I send it over to 
you create them a short personalized 
long video on how you could provide them 
with more value so you could be like 
okay so look I'm looking at your funnel 
right here and you're missing out on 
this this and this and if you know you 
were to implement these I've seen it in 
other times make people a lot of money 
like use the justifications of course 
that kind of showed you guys in the 
copywriting section okay cuz when you 
become a great copywriter you also 
become great at Outreach so for example 
if someone's a fitness person you could 
be like hey man I wanted to talk to you 
about what you could do to improve your 
funnel here now if you look at over this 
guy like Brandon Carter you see he he's 
making millions and millions of dollars 
with his funnel and he does this so if 
you were to plug that into your business 
there's a high chance that it could 
definitely make you a lot more money 
this actually isn't that difficult but 
you know if you don't have the time for 
it or you don't want to mess around with 
all the technical stuff no worries I 
could actually implement this into your 
business if you'd like I've done it 
before a couple times it helped help 
people make this this much money if 
that's something you wanted to look into 
let's talk about it more in the DMS all 
right by boom very quick very simple 
very easy shouldn't be any longer than 
like 5 minutes max 5 minutes is even 
pretty long right you want it to be like 
2 3 minutes boom done you also want to 
make sure in your Outreach that you tell 
them hey I want to send you a quick 3 
minute 4 minute video why because they 
obviously I'm not are not trying to sit 
there and watch your goddamn 30 minute 
YouTube video or whatever about your 
audit on their Channel they're not 
they're not interested in that they just 
want a quick whatever they click they 
click on it they look they watch they 
see that's it boom of again examples in 
the description literal examples I'm not 
going to play them here because that 
would not make any sense okay so the 
actual examples that you can go see the 
ones that I've have closed clients with 
is in the copy starter kit again free in 
the uh description the loom Outreach 
looks like this opener boom you offer 
them a loom hey bro you want this Loom 
and then in the loom you say let Strat 
about more the DMS they say oh yeah I 
never thought about that or I've been 
thinking about that but I never got 
around to implementing it would you be 
able to implement this in my business 
and then you can say sure let's hop on a 
call real quick so that we can talk 
about it boom boom boom boom boom boom 
boom bo boom boom done client money in 
you are you're good you're Dandy now we 
need to talk about the great multipliers 
building leverage what is leverage okay 
well Alex Heros has a great 
demonstration here the difference 
between what you put in and what you get 
out so let's say you're working 8 hours 
a day and you get 10 calls just examples 
8 hours a day and 10 calls well when you 
build leverage now you have 4X leverage 
so you do the same 8 hours but instead 
of 10 calls you get 40 calls that's 
that's what Leverage is essentially and 
here's how we build it l is my top 
student zenos this was all the way back 
in when January 5th of 2023 literally 9 
months ago he said he he dm'd me right 
this is from Discord he said dude this 
is strange I'm getting actual clients 
reaching out to me when it's usually the 
other way around I've gotten like six 
inquiries today yesterday and today why 
because he's built his he built his 
Instagram like I'm a about to show you 
right here in this very video and again 
if you guys wanted to go look at what 
some Instagram content looks like or how 
I structur my Instagram a little bit you 
can go follow my Instagram @ Tyson docal 
on Instagram Link in the description of 
course so here are some multiplied 
leverage Instagram tricks tips hacks 
greatly increase your chances at Landing 
clients just by investing less than 20 
minutes a day into your Instagram okay 
you do not have to become some sort of 
influencer but doing the whole Instagram 
thing and having a personaliz Iz brand 
and profile is going to go a long long 
long long long way into getting people 
to trust you okay because if you're just 
a blank account or you're just an email 
address people don't know who you are I 
don't know who you are and I also don't 
want to go to your website why don't I 
want to go to your website you think I'm 
clicking random links out here no I 
click I click a random link all of a 
sudden somebody's literally has my 
identity okay I don't know how how this 
works but I'm not taking a chance and 
neither were your clients okay these are 
high value people out here they might 
check out your Instagram cuz it's on 
Instagram it's easy to go to if you 
Outreach them on Instagram you don't 
even have to ask them to check out your 
channel naturally they will check out 
your Instagram profile already brain 
hack okay this is literally 4,000 IQ 
over here post you doing high value 
activities number one so look we live in 
a in a world in a society where people 
judge books by its covers people say you 
shouldn't do this you shouldn't do that 
there's a reason why people say you 
shouldn't judge a book by its cover 
because people already do that and if we 
lived in a per perfect world maybe 
people wouldn't do that but people don't 
do that okay so as soon as people go to 
your profile the first first things that 
they're going to see they're going to 
make judgments on you okay so what do 
they not want to see they don't want to 
see you picture in your basement that 
the lighting is dark right you have 
Cheeto Cheeto crumbs all over your beard 
or all over your chin and you literally 
just look like a a goddamn mess okay 
nobody wants to do business with that 
dude has be honest okay and it doesn't 
even matter how old are how old you are 
if you're dressed to impress even if 
even if you're for example sitting in a 
penthouse it doesn't have to be your 
Penthouse you don't have to flex like it 
is your Penthouse in the caption you can 
even say this ain't my penthouse it 
doesn't matter if it's yours it's like 
they see it and it's like okay this 
dude's out here doing high value 
activities he doesn't look like he's 
super desperate it's nice it's cool it's 
dope maybe so so look maybe you're at 
the beach maybe you're traveling maybe 
you're with other high value people 
naturally raises your social proof and 
credibility right and I get it I ain't 
out here being a model either traveling 
the world going to Dubai having pictures 
right next to the Burj Khalifa okay that 
ain't me either but you probably already 
have a picture or two and hey maybe you 
decide to go to the beach one day maybe 
you just even decide to drive your car 
one day and you have a picture of you in 
your car you it doesn't have to be a 
Mercedes-Benz okay literally just some 
just regular pictures of you the reason 
as to why you want regular pictures 
sprinkled throughout is because you 
don't want them to all be promotion 
pictures or promotion videos or whatever 
because then it that it starts to look 
like you're desperate you're just trying 
to get clients or whatever it should 
look like your personal SL business 
account okay this is how you get the 
highest results next you want Carousel 
copywriting SL business posts okay these 
are basically those pictures where you 
swipe and you see the next picture and 
then you swipe you see the next picture 
show what you know improve your 
marketing knowledge okay so for example 
you can say here's how like I keep using 
a Brandon Carter example that's cuz it's 
so easy and to to understand right 
here's how Brandon Carter made a million 
dollars with his funnel first of all he 
added a lot of value and he did this 
that or the other thing right now people 
are like okay well he's talking about 
businesses he's talking about marketing 
he's talking about funnels maybe he 
knows a thing or two when you at least 
just have a little bit of that on your 
profile people know that you know you're 
not just whatever you're not just Joe 
scho next you going to have some quick 
reals of you showing your face and being 
an actual person okay show up speaking 
on camera to exponentially build trust 
with your potential prospects okay if I 
see your face I see you're out here 
talking and I see that you're not also a 
weird mumbling dude who's like hey guys 
so um blah blah blah blah blah and I 
went on this email the other day and I 
was making it and I was making this 
email and then I was like you know what 
I actually want to make naked cheese 
sandwich it's like bro you got to come 
out here with a little bit of Charisma 
okay come out here with a little bit of 
Charisma right and I'm not talking about 
you need to make all these reels two 
three reels that might be all you need 
all you really need 9 to 12 posts plenty 
100 followers plenty you don't have to 
go over above and beyond but trust me 
when I tell you it does this you see 
this picture it does this next you want 
to do testimonials and results okay you 
can add these to your stories or your 
highlights and you can also make them 
into reals testimonials from clients 
results you've gotten in the past and 
even posts and reals of how you got the 
result results so for example how I 
added an extra 
$5,600 a month in Revenue to someone's 
email list passively you can say okay 
this is the exact email sequence I made 
here's me being inside of the email 
service provider showing you exactly the 
emails that I made blah blah blah just 
like that you don't have to have a call 
to action like hey if you want this in 
your business you don't have to do that 
but if people see that you have okay go 
to somebody's profile they have N9 po 
what are you going to check first okay 
well probably going to check their story 
check their story what does it say it's 
a real about how you added an extra 
$7,000 to some these monthly Revenue 
with the emails like okay interesting 
this dude's really out here this dude's 
really doing it he's legit essentially 
all you're trying to do is prove that 
you're not just a bot and add a little 
bit of social proof that's it that's all 
you really need very very quick very 
very easy it's really not difficult so 
boom you are going to get calls it's not 
a question of if it's not a question of 
whatever it's just a question of when 
you were going to book calls if you get 
really good at this you can book 
multiple calls today it's happened I've 
done it happens boom also if you want 
more examples of like bait and Riz and 
this this sort of thing again copy 
starter kit it's all within the copy 
starter kit more examples just like this 
more bait and Riz if you want to you 
know really hone in your skills and you 
will close sales calls it's not it's not 
even a question you will but here are 
the main principles once you've gotten 
on this sales call you are literally in 
the touchdown Zone you are the only 
person who can mess this up people get 
on a sales call so that you can sell 
them because they want to be sold they 
don't get on a sales call when they 
don't want to be sold by you if for 
whatever reason goes wrong it's all you 
bro but what I'm about to show you here 
if you if you do everything that I'm 
about to say okay and I get it what I'm 
about to say might be hard easier said 
than done but if you actually do it if 
you actually implement it you won't miss 
out on any sales calls like all of them 
will be close you'll be collecting money 
right after the sales call every time 
here's how number one please don't rely 
on a sales script any big business 
person worth their salt will smell it a 
mile away and be turned right off so 
look any business owner knows that if 
you're hopping on a sales call you're 
going to go deep into their pain points 
deep into their dream state you're going 
to paint them a picture about what it 
would look like and do all this other 
stuff it's really cringe to them they're 
like oh my God this is really annoying 
blah blah blah blah blah you don't want 
to go into it with a really hard sales 
scripts because a lot of the times as 
well as with the sales script is they 
won't say what you want them to say you 
be sitting there all nervous looking at 
this sales script and trying to memorize 
it and it's just adds way too much 
stress there's zero reason as to why you 
would want to have or incorporate a 
sales script what you want to 
incorporate is a s it's the sales 
principles okay sales principles again 
approach everything from the standpoint 
of curiosity okay when people say 
something right they say oh well I've 
tried these dudes before with email 
marketing and they didn't work out you 
like huh so why didn't it work out like 
what were you hoping to get out of that 
right you're you're genuinely curious 
and they're like oh well I was helping 
to get out of this and out of this and 
You' be like huh okay interesting and 
what would you say they failed on like 
were they just lazy or did they just not 
know what they were doing right you you 
just keep crying keep asking and keep 
getting curious next of all guys shut up 
shut up H this is not supposed to be a 
presentation for crying out loud is not 
supposed to be a presentation the reason 
I'm saying it like this is because I'm 
literally talking to my former self 
because my first sales call was a not 
joking PowerPoint presentation and it 
was terrible it was really terrible 
picture it like this the reason why you 
don't want to don't want to do a 
presentation is because there's no back 
and forth so imagine you go into a 
mechanic all you need is a tire change 
but you go in and they're like hey how 
you how you doing and you're like hey um 
I was looking to get something for my 
car right quick and they're like okay I 
got you sit down right there I'm going 
to give you my 30-minute presentation 
and you're like oh but I just want he 
shut up shut up shut up 30-minute 
presentation and you're like okay fine 
okay fine I'll humor you you get on the 
presentation and he's telling you all 
this stuff about oil changes he's like 
oh here's a difference between synthetic 
oil and then over here you have what is 
it organic oil or whatever you have 
these different types of oils and you're 
like look bro I just wanted to get my 
tires changed like wait wait wait hold 
relax relax relax I I'm just getting 
started now I need to talk to you about 
oil filters he's talking to you about 
oil filters and you're like you know 
what forget this bro I'm going to just 
take my business somewhere else cuz 
you're not listening to me you're not 
listening to what I need you're not 
listening to what I actually want what I 
came on this call for so you need to 
shut up ask questions okay here's what 
it really looks like you you show up you 
ask questions you get a very very deep 
understanding and your only goal on the 
call is to help them figure out if your 
services are what they need genuinely 
that's it that is your goal your goal is 
not to sell them and when you make these 
small shifts as well all the nerves and 
all the being nervous and all that stuff 
goes away okay cuz when you get on a 
sales call you're going to be mad 
nervous the reason why you're so nervous 
and why you suck on sales calls is so 
you cuz you're so focused on yourself 
rather than the other person you're 
focused on oh I need this money I need 
to close the sales call I want to get 
client already all terrible terrible 
terrible things to think about I promise 
you if a client gets on literally with 
their wallet in hand and like ready to 
pay you and you start coming with that 
type of energy they'll be gone they will 
be gone you'll lose every single one 
I've had weeks where I've gotten on 
three sales calls in a week and not 
close any of them because I came at it 
at like this next you want to save up 
the price until the end you can always 
deflect price by saying like Okay well 
how much would this cost me you be like 
well there are a few packages and a few 
different things that I can do but first 
I wanted to talk about you know what 
exactly you might need and it'll be like 
okay well that makes sense but the thing 
is if they get r on the call and they're 
like okay so how much and you're like 
well like three three grand then they're 
going to be like well you know what do I 
get for that three grand and then you're 
going to be talking about it you don't 
want to reveal the price first because 
this just going to bring up objections 
when you reveal the price first you're 
coming to people with what they're going 
to lose first instead of giving them 
what they're going to get first and then 
them committing to being like okay I 
want to do this you know no matter what 
the price I want to do this so people 
aren't going to go into it with an open 
mind if you tell them the price first 
they're just not next you want to off 
offer them what they need instead of 
what you're good at okay so you might be 
really good at these emails and blah 
blah blah blah blah blah but if that's 
genuinely not what they need don't offer 
them that if they need somebody to 
create the content for them or write 
some YouTube videos or write some reals 
or do something like that then if you 
don't have any clients right now your 
your first priority should be getting a 
client and doing work for somebody so 
because that will again build your 
leverage so fine sure sure I'll write 
some reels for you I'll write some 
emails for you I write some YouTube 
videos for you I'll write a sales page 
for you even if that's not what I came 
on this call wanting to do hey bro work 
as work that's what you need to do when 
you just first start out you aren't 
necessarily A copywriter you're a 
problem solver okay so you just get in 
there solve some problems and then now 
you have actual copyri or clout you got 
on there you're like hey I've worked 
with these people before I've had actual 
clients before cuz nobody wants to get 
on there and have them be your first 
client that doesn't feel good to them 
that's just like imagine going to the 
doctor and having heart surgery and your 
your surgeon is like hey man this is my 
first time so we're going to see what 
it's like you're going to be like hell 
no even if he was like yeah so you know 
I've done some heart surgeries I've 
looked over a bunch of heart surgeries 
before I've shadowed a bunch of people 
I've done this that and the other thing 
I have a bunch of experience on this 
that puts you far more at ease even if 
they haven't been doing it for 20 years 
and they're not one of the best doctors 
in the world hearing that they have some 
sort of experience is so much better 
than hearing to have no experience and 
this is the effect that we want to have 
with you the goal of the call is not to 
sell them but understand their situation 
in order to see if your service will be 
right for them that's it sometimes my 
service ain't right for them there's 
been times when I'm like all right well 
doesn't really look like you need a 
copyrighter right now so cut ties and go 
on this is what it is and this is part 
of the mindset you have to come in here 
with you have to come into client 
getting with an abundance mindset not a 
scarcity mindset you don't need to be 
like oh well I need to close this client 
if I don't close this client I might 
never get one or whatever man there are 
dozens of clients out there ready to pay 
you ready to pay you right now today you 
just have to find them abundance mindset 
if one of them doesn't work out do not 
dwell on it for God's sake don't dwell 
on it you're literally that dude who 
gets his heart broken by the first time 
and then it's the end of the world for 
him and you're depressed for 6 months 
and it's like you know had a bunch of 
girlfriends or you're you're a little 
bit more seasoned right you're not like 
a teenager anymore you're like you you 
really do know there are plenty of fish 
in to see like yeah I'll probably suck 
for a little bit but bro just get over 
it there there's somebody else out there 
waiting for you there's somebody better 
out there waiting for you so if you've 
gone through a breakup recently or 
you're looking for a client that's an 
advice that will help you my man either 
way objection handling one1 agree and 
diffuse so a lot of times when people 
try to handle objection remember 
objections reasons or excuses as to why 
people don't want to get don't want to 
buy right now or don't want to get into 
it people often times they just add 
friction they add tension right if 
someone's like oh well I don't know if I 
want to buy right now maybe I should 
think about it and you say no you 
shouldn't think about it you should buy 
right now all of a sudden alarm bells 
are going to be going off in their head 
and they're going to be like this person 
is crazy they're trying to push their 
course on me they're trying to push 
their program on me they're trying to 
push their copywriting services on me 
like that's not what people want okay so 
what you you want to do instead is be 
like okay look you say you want to think 
about it that's makes a lot of sense I 
mean you don't really want to just go 
ahead and buy a whole bunch of stuff cuz 
you've probably made wrong hires before 
in the past and rited it am I right you 
be like yeah you're right about that 
like okay no problem that makes a lot of 
sense but before I let you go I just 
wanted to dig a Little Deeper as to why 
you didn't want to get started today if 
that's cool with you and they say yeah 
yeah that's cool genius level sales 
tactics right there and I'll tell you 
why because now if you do this you're 
still you're not ending the conversation 
just yet all right you're agreeing with 
them so you're not adding any tension 
okay you're agreeing with them you're 
saying exactly you know how they feel so 
you're you're understanding them and 
then when you say I just like to notice 
a little bit ask a little bit more about 
why maybe then you get to what their 
real objection is be like okay well is 
it a question of you know you think it's 
too costly for you or is it that you 
don't have the fun set aside or just 
that you do have the fun set as side but 
you don't really feel as though this is 
optimal at this point or is because you 
feel like maybe at a different time to 
get started would be better or maybe you 
don't trust me hey man if you don't 
trust me that's definitely cool you've 
only known me for the last 30 minutes I 
wouldn't trust me either so I'm just 
trying to figure out what exactly it is 
and now once they say oh well yeah man 
I'm not going to lie like you know I I 
have trouble trusting people because 
things that have happened before you be 
like oh well no worries man um that 
makes perfect sense if you want maybe I 
can send you a couple case studies you 
can watch the case studies look over 
them and then get back to me later now 
you've diffused the situation they're 
much more at ease you guys have chuckled 
about it it's cool they've let their C 
down you're going to check out a couple 
of your case studies and see if what you 
have would really be right for them boom 
okay this is how you handle objections 
next we want to talk about setting 
better expectations under promising and 
overd delivering is better than over 
promising and UND delivering you have 
some people out here like Grand Carone 
who are like oh well you should 
overpromise and overd deliver you know I 
mean that not always possible in some 
circumstances there are actual limiting 
factors to what people can do sometimes 
but understand that underr promising and 
overd delivering is always is better 
than over promising and underd 
delivering here's where it comes to 
copywriting a lot of the times people 
promise oh yeah I can add you an extra 
10K a month to your email list easy not 
how you want to go about it cuz now you 
are literally giving them objections 
you're like okay well have you done this 
before no how do you know you can do 
this oh well I don't really it's just a 
guess you want to go into it like this 
okay well I want to see if I can add 
some more Revenue to your bottom line 
I've done it before other people have 
done it too so I want to implement this 
see if it adds you more Revenue if it 
does we can work together if it doesn't 
we don't have to to fair enough I mean 
that's that's way more fair there's no 
objections to that he's like okay well 
he's going to come in and see what he 
can do if he can do something great if 
he can't fine that's that's literally 
all you need to change your life that's 
the only offer that you need to change 
your life follow-up lessons guys the 
money is in the follow-up rarely rarely 
rarely are you going to just message a 
business owner and first Contact you're 
going to close them it's going to be 
like a good deal the money is in the 
followup 90% of the time to close dream 
clients like the ones that we spoke 
about earlier it will take consistent 
followup in business following up is 
crucial to getting clients right in any 
realm of business not just with 
freelancing not just with copyrighting 
followup is crucial so how do you want 
to follow up we want to space our 
follow-ups out don't follow up them 
every day or every hour that's annoying 
don't be annoying and spam follow-ups 
every day space your follow-ups up at 
least a few days apart okay you want to 
give people room space to breathe you 
don't want to be like that crazy 
girlfriend who's literally like 
messaging them every 5 minutes that's 
strange next you want to come from a 
different angle with every single time 
with your followup saying something like 
hey did you seen my last message it's 
highly annoying or just repeating your 
message over and over and over again or 
sending them a question mark is just 
like that's just so annoying if you 
tried one of the Outreach methods 
mentioned previously you could just 
follow up with another one next time 
again I have videos on this and there's 
lots of content on this in the free copy 
starter kit this is what Outreach will 
look like okay what do I do once I've 
reached out to everyone you start back 
at the top people ask me this all the 
time Tyson I've ran out of prospects 
I've ran out of whatever well then you 
just go back to the top so and then you 
also go at it from the Omni Channel 
approach what this means is if you've 
already sent them an email you can go 
ahead and send them a direct message on 
Instagram or or maybe even Facebook or 
maybe even LinkedIn or whatever right 
however you can get a hold of them you 
do that by any means necessary you start 
back at the top you message them again 
you start back at the top message them 
again that's what follow-up should look 
like again follow-up scripts inside of 
the copy starter kit okay I've gone deep 
deep deep onto this um so I don't want 
to be labor the point but this is 
crucial right and I have the actual 
follow-up scripts that are in there and 
some more screenshots of how they've 
worked for me in the past okay so you've 
secured the call secured the call the 
call is good now what right you've 
secured the call you got the client boom 
first of all you want to manage 
expectations set expectations while 
keeping in mind your goal to overd 
deliver on quality and or quality so 
okay you say I'm going to give you 10 
emails by Friday so instead you give 
them 12 emails by Thursday boom you've 
overd delivered on quality and quantity 
and deadline so also you want to set 
deadlines okay this ensures that your 
clients knows when the work is done and 
also gives you another variable to overd 
deliver on Boom next you want to accept 
first half of the payments in order to 
mitigate risk from all parties involved 
the first half of the payment should be 
done prior to the project and the second 
half upon its completion long story 
short $2,000 deal $1,000 upfront you 
finish the product then they give you 
$1,000 then you don't risk anything and 
they don't risk anything boom boom done 
so that's exactly what you want to do 
okay and adding on to this you also want 
to keep them in the loop at all times 
okay so every day or every second day 
you always want to let them know that 
what you've done okay you don't always 
want to be the one who's they're having 
to message you to F figure out what 
you've done a lot of times you want to 
message them to figure out so that they 
know what you're doing okay and you can 
keep them in the loop so you can say hey 
I've just finished three emails so far 
here are them to check them out so you 
can see if I'm going in the right 
direction now you are a dream contractor 
you're a dream copywriter for these 
businesses cuz you're like yeah he keeps 
me in the loop he always checks in with 
me he always lets me see the emails as 
soon as they're done like this dude's 
awesome like that is how you get awesome 
testimonials awesome results and that's 
how you build a great relationship with 
your clients okay and that's what's the 
most important if you want to scale and 
do well on this business the most 
important things you have to do is you 
have to be good at getting clients good 
at delivering for clients essentially 
that's it have to have good client 
acquisition and good skills that that's 
that's really it if you do those if 
you're able to get people results you're 
going to be able to get more clients so 
then the first skill is not really going 
to even matter as much now it's like the 
better you are as a copywriter the 
better you are at delivering your 
services and getting people results hey 
you're going to just make more money and 
more money and more money and more money 
that's how people make almost $20,000 a 
month with copywriting it's because 
they're able to charge even more charge 
even more charge even more accept higher 
paying deals and more deals because of 
how great their copyrighting is because 
you're able to leverage things like AI 
like I've already showed you how to do 
how do we accept the money to Ching 
stripe PayPal or wise these are great 
services and softwares to use to accept 
money send invoices this sort of thing 
guys don't come to me asking yo I live 
in Sri Lanka how do I accept payment I 
don't know I don't live in Shri whatever 
that country is I don't even know if 
that's a real country that came out of 
my mouth right now but use these ones if 
you can if you can't there's always a 
workaround okay I don't care if it has 
to be messenger pigeon just accept the 
money so now we need to hop in the 
Fastlane how do we make faster wins how 
do we do this quickly how do we make the 
progress that would usually happen from 
day one to day 100 happened from day 1 
to day 7even that's what I'm going to 
show you in this video the paid in 30 
days road map what does it look like 
overall week number one what you want to 
do if you're starting from zero if this 
is your first time hearing about 
copywriting here is exactly what you 
need to do week number one understand 
copywriting consume practice improve put 
together a portfolio of your best 
practice okay people think a portfolio 
consists of your past work for clients a 
portfolio can just be your practice 
emails a collection of your best work 
that you've created you might not have 
even sold those emails before or had 
clients yet but you can still create a 
portfolio Again full video on that on my 
channel any question you could possibly 
have there's a whole video about it on 
the Tyson 4D YouTube channel start 
Outreach and improve your copywriting is 
next with one week of experience under 
your belt you'll be plenty skilled 
enough to get your first client okay I'm 
not saying you're going to be out here 
like a goddamn copyrighting God but 
you're you're good enough to start 
accepting clients and selling your copy 
to people because remember copywriting 
isn't always about just being the best 
copywriter and making it rain every 
single time A lot of times it's just 
about saving your clients time so if 
you're able to save them CL Time by 
writing some copy even if it's basic 
copy with some AI added that's still 
more than enough to make them a lot of 
money week three you want to stumble 
through your outreaches okay you're not 
going to be that good at Outreach when 
you first start and you're not going to 
be that efficient at first your 
outreaching will be slow and confusing 
but during this week you should work on 
just getting your reps in anyways okay 
you need to turn Outreach into a habit 
that's your number one goal here is to 
turn Outreach into would happen honestly 
you might even get your first client in 
week three you might even get your first 
client in week three and they might even 
be a good client that's paying you a 
couple Grand it's happened before a lot 
of the times some people get lucky at 
this stage you shouldn't be that focused 
on it but it might happen okay you're 
outreaching so it just might happen 
people have gotten their first clent day 
number two so it's it might happen next 
up is a focus on making your Outreach 
efficient okay you should should track 
how much Outreach you're doing a day 
let's say you do two hours of Outreach a 
day and you're able to do 10 outreaches 
well you should focus on getting that 
getting those numbers up well now I can 
do 15 outreaches or now I can do 20 
outreaches a day in that same amount of 
time that's what you want to focus on 
making your Outreach more efficient now 
that you have a baseline for what your 
Outreach efficiency is you should work 
at getting efficient and improving your 
quality next up the fifth week okay 
you're 30 days in close clients using a 
lowrisk offer using one of the lowrisk 
offers below in order to get copywriting 
clients what is a lowrisk offer well 
we're about to talk about it creating 
your lro lowrisk offer so you want to 
get your first email or your first 
client with a lowrisk offer because just 
like the name suggests it is a lowrisk 
it is a way that they can start working 
with you and it's just very very easy 
for them right they don't have to take a 
big chance on you so something like a 
commission based deal where you only get 
paid if they get paid people ask me all 
the time well Tyson how do I set up a 
commission based deal I'm about to tell 
you here's how you set up a commission 
based deal okay it's really really 
simple your clients or whatever will 
have their checkout page essentially 
hosted on a website it might be kajabi 
it might be active campaign it might be 
whatever whatever the software is you 
just have to go in that software right 
you or somebody else on their team go in 
duplicate the sales page and duplicate 
the checkout now you can track who those 
people are from because you can get a 
special link it might be www.com 
www.td.com 
slail product now you know everybody who 
buys through that link with the email in 
the URL that's you that's all you so you 
use that link you get them sales and now 
they know exactly where those sales came 
from and you can get your commission 
average commission is like usually 
industry standards like 5 to 10% 
sometimes you can uh negotiate a little 
bit more next of all you can do a 
discovery project a small onetime 
project like eight emails for 300 bucks 
boom eight emails for 300 bucks like 300 
bucks is such a small amount for most 
business owners they're going to be like 
whatever then if those emails actually 
just make bank and they're going to be 
like yo homie give me some more of them 
emails and next you can do like a free 
trial work 2 weeks for free and then get 
compensated in relationship if the 
relationship is profitable relationship 
ain't profitable then hey you know don't 
worry about it this is what you want to 
start with okay this is not what all of 
your copyrighting deals will look like 
I've had copyrighting clients where I 
start with them at 2K I start with them 
at 3K but a lot of the times it should 
be like this okay you don't want to let 
money get in the way of opportunity I've 
had work with huge clients before where 
if I was trying to pitch them on two two 
grand three grand right off the bat they 
wouldn't have went for the deal so by 
using this I was able to start working 
working for them they're like okay this 
dude is what is who he says he is he's 
is able to actually get us these result 
and then I start making 2 to 3K a month 
with them and they're a great client who 
has other clients for me so I can get 
referrals from them and so on and so 
forth so don't let money get in the way 
of the opportunity especially when you 
just re uh just starting out next we 
need to talk about scaling your income 
okay you got your first client you know 
you got the lowrisk offer you're doing 
your little fangang you're officially a 
professional copywriter how do we make 
more money and get you to that $100,000 
a year mark / 10K a month number one we 
need to sell better customers as we can 
see here hormos diagram brokies are not 
as good as Rich dudes who are out here 
running very very profitable businesses 
so here's the 10K a month in 90 days 
blueprint here are the exact steps that 
you want to follow week number six keep 
outreaching and add your testimonials to 
your Instagram okay this is where you 
want to create leverage now you have 
your first client paying you a little 
bit you want to get them results and 
show off your results on your Instagram 
now people know that you're a proven 
copywriter and now you can start saying 
yo two grand upfront give me three grand 
upfront give me this is what I need to 
start create a positive first impression 
by delivering exceptional work and 
excellent customer service right from 
the start next of all week seven get 
your next 2 to 4K month copyrighting 
client with your leveraged Instagram 
week number eight scale your first 
client to 2 to 4K a month okay so here's 
the thing right you get your first 
client with your leverage Instagram for 
2 to 4K a month now the first client we 
started working with that you did the 
whole $300 deal with or the whole 
commission based deal or whatever you 
scal them to 2 to 4K a month how you do 
that you just go to them and say hey 
have you liked the work that I've been 
doing has it been be getting you results 
they obviously say yes because you have 
the 4D copyrighting strategy that I've 
laid out for you in this program they 
say yeah I did it was dope you can say 
okay awesome well would you like me to 
become a full-time member of your team 
and we can work on making you money 
ongoingly they say yeah okay sure let's 
do it what's your price you say well I 
usually start at around 3 to 4K a month 
but since we're only just beginning it's 
fine if we start with 2K a month that's 
called price anchoring they're like okay 
sounds cool boom now you making 2K a 
month from the first client your other 
client that you just got is you're 
getting 2 to 4K a month from them that's 
like 5 GS a month already and then your 
next week you want to get your last 2 to 
4K a month copyrighting client with 
referrals either referrals from your 
clients that you've already been working 
for or Outreach so these business owners 
they're not just going to you know 
they're don't just live in a vacuum 
these business owners are going to talk 
to other business owners and if you're a 
business owner and you can put your 
homeboy on to some other dude who's made 
you an extra 30 50 80 grand a month 
you're like hey bro this dude makes me a 
lot of money go talk to him now you look 
like an even more dope person because 
you are sharing the wealth you're like 
hey man this guy made me an extra 80,000 
a month he goes in makes you an extra 
80,000 a month now you and me are extra 
cool boys because I just made you a 
bunch of money because I gave you a 
copywriter boom that's how this works 
that's how the referral system works 
it's in their own best interest to 
actually refer you to their business 
bunnies when you make them a lot of 
money or you can just do a little bit 
more Outreach and get your next client 
boom and then let's say your first 
client you took them from you know $300 
to 2K a month to 3K a month your second 
client you know they're at 3K a month 
and you get another client at 4K a month 
boom that is 10K a month right there or 
maybe you even get a fourth client hey 
bro I ain't tripping fourth and fifth 
clients work too actually and then you 
could probably scale your business over 
10K be closing 10 12K 15K even $118,000 
at some points it's happened before it 
can happen with you so you have made it 
to the absolute end congratulations but 
this isn't it this isn't over and before 
I reveal the very very last part I need 
to tell you exactly what you do next 
right before I reveal the last part and 
of course give you access to the 
surprise that you have earned by making 
it to the end so may the end but this 
isn't it first of all you want to start 
your first piece of copy using the 
templates provided okay you probably 
want to go back and scroll back to the 
beginning of this video write your first 
piece of copy follow along with what I 
was doing and refine it like we spoke 
about feel free to go back and watch 
that part of the video again next of all 
of course you want to get the 4D copy 
starter kit I know you're probably 
salivating to get it like right now or 
maybe you've already got it but email 
templates Outreach examples copy 
breakdowns and literally anything else 
you could need to start your copywriting 
journey and start making a lot of money 
is right there for you next you're going 
to want to join the free copyrighting 
Discord network with other copywriters 
over 20,000 of them in there now over 
20,000 copywriters can you believe that 
and like-minded individuals on how to 
succeed and get access to the best 
copyrighting review channel on the 
internet look it's hard to get your copy 
reviewed by other copywriters out here 
there are like certain reddits and stuff 
but they're not as high quality and 
you're not going to get as many reviews 
in the 4D copyrighting Discord server 
there's tons over 20,000 copy writers in 
there who are submitting and reviewing 
other people's copy every single day so 
you you can go in there and also review 
other people's copy as well so that you 
can get better and everybody wins next 
of all ask any questions you have below 
I just unloaded a ton of information on 
you if you don't have any questions 
that's a little bit weird you should 
probably have questions so go down and 
ask them in the comments or just say 
your peace or whatever just go down and 
comment below this video um there are no 
stupid questions the comment section 
below this video will not only be 
answered by me but also the other season 
copywriters okay so the comment section 
underneath this video is about to be 
active right now next we want to keep up 
to date with new content subscribe to 
the YouTube channel so that you don't 
miss out on any free copyrighting 
courses and follow Instagram below for 
exclusive content okay so you know 
learning copywriting is always an 
ongoing process now that you committed 
to copywriting by making it to the end 
of the video and I know since you made 
it to the end of the video that you have 
committed to copywriting you're going to 
want to subscribe to the YouTube channel 
because this is where you can find the 
best copywriting content and also 
there's a whole different type of 
content on the Instagram a bunch of 
short form content which is also awesome 
you're going to see it all the time and 
it's going to be great you can also 
watch some of the videos that will have 
on screen in a moment okay there's a 
playlist of other free copyrighting 
content that I've released on YouTube 
that you should consume daily while you 
get better and progress and as for the 
surprise my people since you have made 
it to the end and only for you guys 
follow me on Instagram tyson. scales and 
DM me the code words best free course 
ever and let's have a chat look it is 
mathematically impossible for me to 
answer every single one of my DMs it 
just can't happen it doesn't happen I 
will only answer people who give the 
code word give the code word what's chat 
if you don't got the code word sorry bro 
but I statistically just cannot I can't 
be a million in a million places at once 
right it don't don't work like that I 
got baddies in the DMs I got homeboys in 
the DMs I got copywriters in the DMS 
right they flood it they flood it so I 
can only answer the people who say this 
and since you've made it to the top and 
say made it to the end I just want to 
say uh congratulations on taking this 
journey with me and I'm glad to actually 
take this journey with you I can't wait 
to actually see you win and see you post 
your wings and see you post that you've 
started making money with copyrighting 
and I want to leave you with one last 
thing you see a lot of the times there 
are these one small moments in our lives 
that completely change the course of our 
lives forever and a lot of times when 
we're in those moments we don't actually 
realize that we're in them until we look 
back years later and we're like you know 
what man that one thing that I did that 
one thing that I learned that one thing 
I heard that one video I watched changed 
everything for me and if I didn't watch 
that video my future would be massively 
different this is one of those moments 
even if it might not feel like it right 
now 


